https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69002991 Richard Hanbury-Tenison Sir Richard Hanbury-Tenison, KCVO (3 January 1925 - 12 August 2017) was a Welsh-Irish diplomat, soldier and royal representative. Born on 3 January 1925, he was the son of Major G. E. F. Tenison and Ruth, "nee" Hanbury. His father was from Ireland, but his mother's family had made their wealth out of mining iron ore and processing it in Pontypool in Wales over two centuries earlier. Hanbury-Tenison attended Eton and then served as an officer in the Irish Guards from 1943, firstly in Belgium and the Netherlands in late 1944 and then in Germany in 1945, where he was wounded. After studying at Magdalen College, Oxford, he entered HM Diplomatic Service in 1949. He was in Austria from 1956, dealing with the arrival of refugees from Hungary. He subsequently served in Romania and as political counsellor in Germany and Belgium. He left the service in 1975 and settled in the Welsh county of Gwent. There, he was closely involved with various public bodies. Having served as High Sheriff of the county in 1977, he was the Lord Lieutenant of Gwent from 1979 to 2000 and was appointed a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in the 1995 Birthday Honours. He died on 14 August 2017. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69002996 The Bachelor (American season 26) The twenty-sixth season of "The Bachelor" premiered on January 3, 2022. This season features 28-year-old Clayton Echard, a medical sales representative from Eureka, Missouri. Echard finished in eighth place on the eighteenth season of "The Bachelorette" featuring Michelle Young. Production. Casting and contestants. In August 2021, it was reported that season 15 runner-up Tyler Cameron, and season 17's Greg Grippo, Andrew Spencer and Michael Allio, were in consideration for the lead role. On September 15, 2021, media outlets reported that Echard was selected as the Bachelor. The next day, the production crew was also reported in Echard's hometown of Eureka, Missouri to film footage for his upcoming season. Host Jesse Palmer further confirmed the news on Instagram in October 2021. Echard was formally announced as The Bachelor on November 30, 2021. Notable contestants include Hurricane Sandy survivor Daria Rose; Denver Broncos cheerleader Gabby Windey, who is the ex-girlfriend of "The Bachelorette" and "Bachelor in Paradise" contestant Dean Unglert; Olympic sprinter Marlena Wesh, who represented Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics; Miss Virginia USA 2020 and Miss USA 2020 competitor Susie Evans; Miss South Carolina Teen 2015 and top 10 finalist at Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2016 Sarah Hamrick; Miss Teen America 2013 Lindsay Dobbs; and Oppenheim Group realtor Kate Gallivan, who appeared in the series "Selling Sunset". Filming and development. On September 28, 2021, it was announced that former "Bachelor" Jesse Palmer would host the season, replacing former host Chris Harrison. Harrison departed the franchise in June 2021 following backlash after his support for Rachael Kirkconnell, the winner of the previous season, whose photos resurfaced of her attending an Antebellum South-themed party. The season reverted to its standard production format and initial filming location in Agoura Hills, California. This will be the first season they have filmed at the Villa de la Vina mansion (known as The Bachelor Mansion) since season 24, after the previous four seasons of "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette" were filmed in a bio-secure bubble zone due to the COVID-19 pandemic. All contestants and crew members are required to present proof of vaccination for COVID-19 to participate. Filming began on September 29, 2021, and interstate and international travel returned this season. Filming was reported in Houston, Texas at NRG Stadium in October 2021, and in Iceland in November 2021 at Harpa Concert Hall in Reykjavik and Ingolfsskali Viking Restaurant in Olfus. Additionally, the season includes visits to the Canadian province of Ontario, Croatia and Austria. Contestants. 33 potential contestants were revealed on September 25, 2021. The final cast of 31 women was announced on December 15, 2021. However, one of the contestants, Salley Carson, a 26-year-old spine surgery robot operator from Greenville, South Carolina, made the decision to drop out of the show hours before the limo arrivals. As a result, only 30 women participated in the show. Episodes. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003005 Urgewald Urgewald is a group which researches coal companies, because they are among the top contributors to greenhouse gas emissions and so cause climate change. The Global Coal Exit List, which they publish, is famous. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69155769 (+)-Morphine (+)-Morphine also known as dextro-morphine is the "unnatural" enantiomer of the opioid drug (-)-morphine. Unlike "natural" levo-morphine, unnatural dextro-morphine is not present in Papaver somniferum and is the product of laboratory synthesis. In contrast to natural morphine, the unnatural enantiomer has no affinity or efficacy for the mu opioid receptor and therefore has no analgesic effects. To the contrary, in rats, (+)-morphine acts as an antianalgesic and is approximately 71,000 times more potent as an antianalgesic than (-)-morphine is as an analgesic. (+)-Morphine derives its antianalgesic effects by being a selective-agonist of the Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), which due to not binding to opioid receptors allows it to effectively reverse the analgesic properties of (-)-morphine. TLR4 is involved in immune system responses, and activation of TLR4 induces glial activation and release of inflammatory mediators such as TNF-a and Interleukin-1. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018558 True Believer (Irma Thomas album) True Believer is an album by the American soul singer Irma Thomas, released in 1992. It was Thomas's fourth album for Rounder Records. Production. Recorded in New Orleans, the album was produced by Scott Billington and Thomas. The song "I Never Fool Nobody But Me" was cowritten by Thomas and Dr. John. Doc Pomus and Allen Toussaint also contributed songs to "True Believer". "Big Talk" was Thomas's attempt at a reggae number. Critical reception. "The Christian Science Monitor" thought that Thomas's "honey-smooth voice mixes with her conviction and energy on "True Believer" to produce a richer and more consistent sound than on any previous effort." "The New York Times" praised the "smooth funk" and "New Orleans bop." The "Toronto Star" wrote that the singer "patrols the smooth end of the blues genre, ranging through gospel and r#amp;b too, with a tight band, strong pianist David Torkanowsky and a blasting horn section." "The Washington Post" concluded that "when Thomas sings [Dan] Penn's 'Smoke Filled Room' or Pomus's 'I Never Fool Nobody But Me' or Johnny Neel's 'Can't You Hear It in My Tears', the anguish and self-doubt she feels is nearly palpable--a sharp contrast to the songs of love, affirmation and inspiration that dot the album as well and reveal another side of Thomas's compelling vocal personality." The "Chicago Tribune" determined that Thomas "apparently wants to be taken seriously as a pop diva, and such carefully polished material as 'Trying to Catch a Cab in the Rain' and 'Smoke Filled Room', with their meticulously crafted choruses and slickly cascading arrangements, might do the trick." AllMusic called the album "a stellar collection of contemporary soul performed in the classic '50s New Orleans tradition." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69571071 Prakash Parimal Prakash Parimal (prkaash priml) (26 November 1936 - 25 August 2021) was a Hindi-Rajasthani writer, a Hindi/English art critic, hobby-painter and a prolific translator. Education and Occupations. He obtained the post-graduate degree in Philosophy from the Rajasthan University in 1960 and also specialized in English Literature from the same in 1963. He joined the Department of Parapsychology of the University established to study alleged cases regarding rebirth/incarnation of men. After having Worked in the research-projects under departmental head, Hemendra Nath Banerjee in (1964) Parimal again in 1976, was associated as the officer-in-charge of a new 'research and reference cell' created by Dr. Govind Chandra Pande, the VC of the University. Later, Prakash Parimal Worked as an English teacher in a Government school and ultimately landed as Assistant Director in Shardul Rajasthani Research Institute, Bikaner. (1966-1979) After his term was over on superannuation, Parimal engaged himself in full-time Vaidik-research, translation-projects, Freelance creative writing and painting, while living in Jaipur till his death in 2021. Although he did not study Sanskrit language formally, but was a self-taught student of the language and also of Vedas. Literary Contribution. He has a large number of books to his credit mainly on Hindi literature philosophy Vedic-knowledge, Aesthetics, and Indian Art, out of which some of them are as under: Major Published Books. lok-sNskRti: ruup aur drshn bhaartiiy sNskRti kii ruuprekhaa chuuttii huii ek smRtigNdh (kvitaa-sNgrh) aniitaa (upnyaas) ved ke devtaa :svrup aur vijnyaan bhaartiiy sNskRti ke ne aayaam vaidik sauNdryshaastr kii bhuumikaa vedoN meN vyaavhaarik vijnyaan bhaartiiy drshn aur sNskRti kaa merudNdd : ved phir upsthit rNg (kvitaa-sNgrh) saakssii-naatty-shiromnni gosvaamii shivaanNd (sNkssipt monograaph) smy nirt athaah (kvitaa-sNgrh) ghr: ek prvt, prem: ek phuul (kvitaa-sNgrh) vstu asiim meN hm naaciij' (kvitaa-sNgrh) rNg-e-hyaat (g'j'l-sNgrh) gNgaa ndii nhiiN sNgmrmr kaa drvaaj'aa ghre paanii paitth jb suurj bhk gyaa Treasures of Indian Art https://readersend.com/product/treasures-of-indian-art-heritage/ A Passage from Sindhu-Saraswati to Ganges https://www.nlb.gov.sg/biblio/12684393 Other Publications. Parimal's articles, poems, reviews, critiques, comments, criticism, short stories and essays have been published in reputed Hindi magazines and periodicals like Navneet (Hindi Digest), Raswanti, Bhasha, Vaatayan, Gagananchal, Sakshatkaar, Bharati, Kalpna, Gyanodaya, Naya-Prateek, Art Contemporary, Samkaaleen kala, ka kha ga, Madhumati, Poorwagrah, Bindu, Lahar, Yug-prabhat, Sanskriti, Bhasha, Kala-prayojana, Deeth, Rajasthan Bharti, etc. Some of his stories are included in the collective story-book 'Kahaani Ka Samaya', edited by Hemant Shesh, Edited Journals. 'Rajasthan-Bharati' (1966 to 1979) 'Mandand' 'Swayatta-Shasan' etc. = Honours and awards = For his literary contributions, he has been honored / felicitated by the following institutions- 'Kala-Vritta' Sanstha Samman Jaipur (1982) 'Face' and art-group 'Peg Art Group' honor (1983) Tailang Kulam Life-Time Award (2011) 'Anurag Seva Sansthan' Samman (2011) 'Amrit-Samman' 2013 from Rajasthan Sahitya Academy = Death = He died on 25 August 2021 in Jaipur after suffering from Alzheimer disease. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003028 Wilczka Falls Nature Reserve The Wilczka Falls Nature Reserve - a landscape nature reserve located in Lower Silesia, Klodzko County, in the Bystrzyca Klodzka Municipality, near the town of Miedzygorze. Location and description. The reserve is located in the Snieznik Landscape Park, at an altitude of 570 m above sea level, within the Natura 2000 area. Established in 1958 on the area of 2.75 ha, the reserve comprises the area around the Wilczka Falls, basin and gorge. A 2012 decree stated that the area of the reserve was reduced to 2.65 ha, however, it later turned out that two subdivisions were mistakenly omitted. This error was corrected by the 2016 order, which restored the previous, correct value of 2.75 ha. The reserve consists of an old beech forest with fir, sycamore and spruce admixtures. The following plant species can be found here: cardamine glanduligera, galium odoratum, polygonatum verticillatum, prenanthes purpurea, hordelymus europaeus, athyrium filix-femina, phegopteris connectilis, dryopteris dilatata, lamium galeobdolon, and festuca altissima. The cool, dark and humid microclimate is also conducive to lush bryophyte vegetation. The bottom of the gorge and its mouth are overgrown with leper herb vegetation with moisture-loving plant species such as: white leopard's-foot trefoil, mountain love-grass, mountain water milfoil, and cinquefoil. Waterfall. Previously called "Wodogrzmoty Zeromskiego (Zeromski Falls)", the Wilczka Falls ("German: Wolfelsfall)" is located on the Wilczka River in the Snieznik Massif (Eastern Sudetes), near Miedzygorze. The height of the waterfall is 22 m. It is the second largest waterfall in the Polish Sudetes, after the Kamienczyk Falls. Before the great flood in 1997, the water was falling from a height greater by 5 meters. The flood erased an artificially made threshold from the beginning of the 19th century. Before 1945 the height of the waterfall reached as much as 30 m. The cascade falls from a 3 m wide sill into a small eversion basin carved in a less resistant shale. In winter a spectacular icefall is formed around the cascade. Tourism. The first known description of this place dates back to 1781, written by H. Reisser. The river gorge was then considered unbeaten until 1834, when two officers: Lutz and von Leuthold swam across it. Since the end of the 18th century the waterfall was a destination of frequent excursions from the nearby resorts of Ladek and Dlugopol-Zdroj. In the 19th century, during the reign of Princess Marianne of Orange, a small park with a fountain was created above the waterfall surrounded by a romantic garden[4]. On the initiative of the Negler siblings, stairs, railings and footbridges were built to access viewpoints and the bottom of the gorge. A fee was charged for visiting the waterfall. No traces of the former park layout have survived to the present day. Currently, sightseeing is open to the public along the trails marked out in the reserve. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023878 Fred O'Donovan (actor) Fred O'Donovan (1884-1952) was an Irish actor, early film maker, theatre manager and pioneer of television drama production. For many years he gave the definitive portrayal of the title character in J.M. Synge's "The Playboy of the Western World", as well as other prominent roles at Dublin's Abbey Theatre. He was manager of the Abbey for a time, and appeared in and directed films, television, and on the stage in Britain and abroad before becoming a producer/director in the BBC's fledgling television service both before and after World War II. Early life and career. He was born in Dublin in 1884 as Frederick George Saunders. His father was a coachbuilder. He attended the protestant Diocesan Intermediate School, and worked for a time in a land office. He joined the company of the Abbey Theatre in 1908, and was promptly cast in the lead part in "The Man Who Missed the Tide", taking the stage name Fred O'Donovan. The next year he took over the title role in "The Playboy of the Western World" from W.G. Fay as the Abbey company appeared at the Court Theatre in London. The same year the Abbey was premiering Bernard Shaw's one-act "The Shewing-Up of Blanco Posnet" because the censor had banned it from London theatres on the grounds of blasphemy, and O'Donovan took the leading part of an American cowboy. He often said it was his favorite role. In 1911 O'Donovan was again starring in "The Playboy of the Western World" when the company embarked on its first American tour. Some Irish-Americans objected to the play as disrespectful towards Ireland and there were protests in Boston and New York. Some rioters were arrested, and in Philadelphia not only were rioters arrested but the company were as well, charged with presenting plays likely to corrupt public morals. The charges were later dropped. O'Donovan continued to appear with the Abbey company in Ireland and England in such plays as "Deirdre of the Sorrows", "The Countess Cathleen" and "The Workhouse Ward" as well as revivals of the "Playboy" while taking leading parts in "Maurice Harte", "The Whiteheaded Boy", "John Bull's Other Island" and "Man and Superman". He played the revolutionary Robert Emmet in "The Dreamers" by Lennox Robinson. An oil painting of him in this part hangs in the Abbey Theatre. Cinema. In 1916 there were plenty of cinemas in Ireland but the (silent) films were nearly all either American or made by American companies visiting Ireland. The Film Company of Ireland was started to change that. O'Donovan, J.M. Kerrigan, O'Donovan's wife Nora Clancy, and other actors were recruited from the Abbey with the proviso that the work would not interfere with their appearances on stage. The company's first production was "O'Neil of the Glen", a love story directed by Kerrigan with O'Donovan playing the villain. At its opening in Dublin in August, critics and audiences were delighted with the homegrown content. "Bioscope" commented,The film, which was expected to prove a good draw, actually surpassed all anticipations, a record being established for the week, and queues being the rule every evening.Encouraged by the public reaction, Film Company of Ireland proceeded to make a series of comedies in which O'Donovan and the others appeared, followed by a drama, "The Eleventh Hour". The next year Kerrigan moved to the United States and O'Donovan took on directing, first the comedy "Rafferty's Rise" in which he also took the lead part of a constable. Next he starred in and directed "When Love Came to Gavin Burke". "Irish Limelight" published a detailed description of a day spent at the film shoot. The company's next step was to take a major leap forward in ambition: a full-length adaptation of "Knocknagow", Charles Kickham's epic novel set in the time of the Irish famine and land clearances in the 19th Century, that was published in 1873. O'Donovan directed and took a supporting role. Commented the critic in the Cavan "Anglo-Celt":With a true appreciation of the artistic, the various degrees of tone have been lifted from the novel, and placed on the screen just as Kickham would have done it himself. The happy peasantry, the prowess of the youth at the hurling match, the hammer-throwing contest, the unexpected "hunt", the love scenes and the comedy - the life as it was before the agent of the absentee landlord came like a dark shadow on the scene, and with crowbar and torch, laid sweet Knocknagow in ruins - all were depicted by the very perfect actors who made up the cast."Irish Limelight" described the film as a "triumphant" commercial success and pointed up its popularity in the United States. The Dublin "Evening Telegraph" reported that it was shown for three weeks in Boston and "took more money than the much 'boosted' "Birth of a Nation"". Nearly all FCOI's films have since been lost with the exception of "Knocknagow", which can be seen on You Tube and at festivals. O'Donovan made no more silent films and FCOI ceased operations in 1920. Theatre. The management of the Abbey Theatre has been in turmoil for much of its existence. W.B. Yeats and Lady Gregory presided over the Abbey but found it a constant struggle to find the right person to handle the day-to-day workings of the theatre. In March 1917 they decided to ask O'Donovan to take over as manager. He also proceeded to assume the directing of the plays, including the first performances of "The Lost Leader", "Blight" and "The Parnellite". Peter Kavanagh describes this period: A notable event was O'Donovan's bringing on to the company F.J. McCormick, who was to become one of the Abbey's all-time great stars. By late 1918 O'Donovan was thinking of moving on. He wanted more money, and was irritated by interference, specifically from Yeats's newly-married wife Georgie who with no theatre experience would look on at rehearsals and go to Yeats with criticisms. In March 1919 O'Donovan resigned, and several of the longer-serving members of the company left with him. They toured together for a time, and then O'Donovan decided to move to England. London theatre. Through the 1920s and 1930s O'Donovan appeared in, directed or produced over 80 plays in London. He also toured the British Isles and Southern Africa. In addition to the well-known Irish plays he took the opportunity of increasing his scope. O'Donovan played Aguecheek in "Twelfth Night" in 1922 and Lopahin in "The Cherry Orchard" in 1925, both in London. He was also Sir Lucius O'Trigger in "The Rivals" on BBC radio in 1935. He directed Donald Wolfit and appeared himself in "The Moon in the Yellow River". "The Times" pointed to his portrayal of Father Keegan in Shaw's "John Bull's Other Island" as especially memorable. This was at the Court Theatre in 1921. St John Ervine's "Mixed Marriage" deals with sectarian strife in Northern Ireland. The "Manchester Guardian" described O'Donovan's performance as the labour leader John Rainey: "[He] has a commanding presence. There is about him a dreadful sincerity. Greatly played, as he is here, he is intolerance incarnate." Of O'Donovan as Joxer Daly in "Juno and the Paycock" in 1929, the same critic said: "His portrayal of the furtive sycophant is quintessential." Of his performance in "And So To Bed", "The Times" commented, "His richness of voice and gesture and his sly fun as Samuel Pepys remain in the memory as something perfect of their kind." In 1927 the New York impresario Lee Shubert engaged O'Donovan and an entire company, including O'Donovan's (third) wife Joyce Chancellor, to take the boat to New York and stage the play there. However, after one week's tryout in Connecticut Shubert decided to replace O'Donovan with an American actor and O'Donovan and Chancellor headed home. He also worked in film. In "Ourselves Alone", about the Irish independence struggle, he played a barman at a pub where the IRA kept its weapons. He had a brief part as a detective in Alfred Hitchcock's "Young and Innocent". Other films included "The Vicar of Bray", "The House of the Spaniard" and "General John Regan". Critical acclaim. Cyril Cusack cited O'Donovan as one of "the greats". Of a revival of the "Playboy" in 1925, the "Manchester Guardian" commented: O'Donovan still reveals the exquisite marriage of realism and romance which the Abbey Theatre created. He can tell you of the hog in the ditch and the Lady Helen in Paradise with an equally persuasive tone. The audience is lifted, as it were, from the middens of County Mayo to the loftier slopes of Parnassus and hardly knows that it has been translated. From "Ireland's Abbey Theatre" by Lennox Robinson: Fred O'Donovan from the moment of his first appearance on the stage was an actor "par excellence". I don't mean to say that he didn't improve and enrich himself, that he didn't go from strength to strength, but he didn't have to grope and stumble for a couple of years as so many players have to do. Barry [Fitzgerald] had to grope and stumble and then suddenly shine out. During the Abbey's 1911 US tour O'Donovan was interviewed in his dressing room at Maxine Elliott's Theatre by a journalist from the "New York World". This was published under the headline "Aim of Irish Players". In this O'Donovan said, We seek first of all to act truthfully. Simplicity and naturalness of acting are but a means to obtain that end. There must of course be selection of and emphasis in acting to make the essentials stand out with sufficient boldness to carry the dramatist's thought into the mind of the audience, but we seek to use as little exaggeration as possible. There is a great danger to the actor in exaggerating, [in that] he will unintentionally heighten his exaggeration, for effect or for applause, until the essential truthfulness of his portrayal becomes lost. Television. In 1936 the BBC launched the first high-definition television service in the world. It transmitted two hours of TV a day from Alexandra Palace, a Victorian exhibition hall in north London, to a range of about 25 miles around the capital. Drama was to be a major constituent of the programming. O'Donovan was cast in one of the first plays, "The Workhouse Ward" by Lady Gregory. "The Times" commented: Here was a play finely acted and admirably suited to the television screen because of its intimate atmosphere. We were in the workhouse ward with the two old vagabonds and we could note every emotion fluttering across the features of Fred O'Donovan or Harry Hutchinson as they quarrelled deliciously together. It was the whole play, visual and aural, in a way that sound alone can never be. Once the technology of sending pictures through the ether had been invented, a whole new expertise had to be devised: how to make television programs. The medium was quite different from motion pictures, and even more different from radio and live theatre. The pioneer program makers found themselves inventing their own profession as they went along. In early 1938 the BBC hired O'Donovan as a drama producer, a job now termed "director", and he set rapidly to learn an entirely new job. His first broadcast was Sean O'Casey's one-act comedy "The End of the Beginning". His second was Yeats's mystical verse play "Deirdre". "The Times" wrote that it was "staged by Mr Fred O'Donovan in the style of an ancient saga come to life, beautiful to look at and to listen to, remote and not too strange." One of O'Donovan's cast in "Deirdre", playing the part of the Dark-faced Messenger, was Robert Adams, an actor from British Guiana, who soon after starred in "The Emperor Jones" by Eugene O'Neill, becoming the first black actor to play a leading dramatic role on the new medium of television. Early on O'Donovan devised a scheme which Denis Johnston describes: [O'Donovan would] build a house in the center of the studio, with double-sided doors and flats, and as his players moved with beautiful continuity from one room to another, the cameras would pick them up, each in turn, shooting from the outside in. Very nice indeed, until a camera started to act up, and you found that you couldn't get another one into its place, because of all the scenery in the way. In October 1938 "The Times" critic wrote: Mr Sean O'Casey's "Juno and the Paycock" was beautifully presented on the television screen for the first time last week by Mr Fred O'Donovan. Skilful use of the mobility of the cameras allowed shots to be taken of the adjoining room, and of the street door, and of the funeral procession passing by. The future of television seems to lie in extending the stage in this way, and emancipating the production from stage conventions. After a time O'Donovan came up with the idea of eliminating the mixing between cameras by using only one: dollying up and down from close-up to long shot, walking the actors in and out of vision when they happened to have a line coming, sometimes for as much as 10 or 15 minutes. Commenting on this "One Camera" technique Michael Barry said, "By reducing the mechanical complication to a minimum he obtained a smoothness and a serenity that became the O'Donovan hallmark upon the screen." O'Donovan himself told the "Radio Times": "Mind you, this means much more work at rehearsals and it is more exacting in that the cast have to be grouped to suit the camera position, but I do contend that this method makes for a smoother and sometimes more polished performance." Many more plays followed, including the much-anticipated "The Fame of Grace Darling", about the Victorian heroine who, with her lighthousekeeper father, saved thirteen people from a shipwreck in 1838. The "Observer" described O'Donovan's production of "General John Regan" as "the most laughter-provoking thing that television has yet given." With the start of World War II in September 1939 the television service was closed down, partly so enemy bombers could not radiolocate on the transmissions and partly for the engineers to work on radar. O'Donovan transferred to radio drama as an actor and producer, working on along with much else a selection from "Tristram Shandy" and the BBC's first family serial, "The Robinson Family". In 1944 he was given a leave of absence to appear in "The Last of Summer" in the West End, with Fay Compton, directed by John Gielgud. Following the allied victory television started up again in 1946 and O'Donovan returned to Alexandra Palace. Despite continuing doubts among radio broadcasters about the value of television, the service strove to grow, and by 1950 over 30 hours of programs a week were being transmitted and between 30% and 50% of the British population were within range. O'Donovan was nothing if not ambitious in his choice of plays to televise. Along with Eugene O'Neill's "Anna Christie" and Shaw's "Candida" came Sierra's "The Kingdom of God" and Yeats's perplexing "The Player Queen". He made time to appear in a film "Another Shore", directed by Charles Crichton. In total O'Donovan directed 68 shows on BBC television, and acted in 25 more. None of his television work survives - it was all done before the invention of video recording. There would be a sample, were it not for one wrinkle. One of O'Donovan's most notable productions was "The Scarlet Pimpernel", in 1950. The "Manchester Guardian" said "The cramping limitations of television dissolved a little before Fred O'Donovan's clever production." It was decided to preserve the piece and a film camera was set up in front of a monitor. The next day came an irate phone call from the movie mogul Sir Alexander Korda, who claimed to own the film rights for the story, and demanded that the BBC's footage be destroyed. It was. In 1951 O'Donovan began having health problems. The following year he was invited to Paris to demonstrate his one-camera technique and direct an adaptation of "Rebecca". A few weeks after returning he entered hospital in Northwood for surgery on an obstructed intestine. He contracted pneumonia, and died on 19 July 1952, aged 68. He was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium and his ashes were scattered there. Personal life. He was married three times, first in 1912 to Lilian Golding, who acted with the Abbey and in several films from FCOI as Nora Clancy. Later that decade O'Donovan started a liaison with Muriel Jameson, daughter of a Dublin journalist. The two were living in England when they had a son, who was born in 1920. Lilian/Nora sued for divorce, and O'Donovan and Jameson married in 1922. Muriel died of pulmonary tuberculosis in 1924, aged 25. In 1927 O'Donovan married the Irish actress Joyce Chancellor, with whom he had a daughter. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024643 Ahlens City Ahlens City is a department store in the Norrmalm district in central Stockholm, Sweden. The building is located at Klarabergsgatan 50 and takes up the entirety of the Gripen block. Ahlens City is the largest singular store of the Ahlens chain and amounts to almost 20% of the chain's total revenue. The building was designed by the architectural bureau Backstrom #amp; Reinius Arkitekter AB, was opened on 9 September 1964 and was awarded the Kasper Salin Prize in 1966. The building is noted by the Stockholm City Museum for "having an obviously high cultural historical value". Background. In the 1950s the board of Ahlen #amp; Holm saw that the redevelopment of Norrmalm would move the centre of the city from Hotorget to Sergels torg. Ahlen #amp; Holm owned a building on Hotorget at the time, called Tempohuset, where the Kungshallen building is currently located. The Stockholm Municipality exchanged the building at Hotorget with a building where Ahlens City is currently located. Both parties benefited from the deal, the municipality got a valuable building and Ahlen #amp; Holm got a building precisely next to the Stockholm Metro hub T-Centralen near the Stockholm Central Station. The old building in the Gripen block was torn down in the early 1960s along with the Stockholm workers' institute and the Valhalla Mission. Building. The zoning plan originally described a low building with two floors and three multifamily residential buildings on top of it. Backstrom #amp; Reinius changed this after studying American commercial architecture to a windowless high street facade with a painted wall with alternating red and white stripes. The outer surface of the precast concrete elements consists of brick glassed in red and white. The architects wanted to avoid electronic signage with neon and thought the facade was signage enough on its own. The company has later opted to advertise with large photograph prints on the facade. The building was commissioned by Ahlen #amp; Holm AB, who got a construction permit in 1962. The building was constructed by Jacobson #amp; Widmark and Svenska Industribyggen AB (SIAB). During the building foundation in 1963 in the presence of city antiquarian and Ahlens's CEO Gosta Ahlen a copper chest was built into the foundation. It contained 50 selected articles representing the typical catalogue of Ahlens's sale items. On the opening day on 9 September 1964, 25 thousand people visited Ahlens City. The facade to Klarabergsgatan is dominated by a large clock and the company name painted in gold colour. The clock was designed by the building architects and was built from copper with real leaf gold. The clock is synchronised with the Klara Church and the Swedish radio. The whole building measures 40 by 130 metres and can be reached from Klarabergsgatan, Master Samuelsgatan and T-Centralen. The building also contains four underground floors. There are two underground floors for parking spaces. The building interior has been renovated several times. The building is currently owned by Stefan Persson's property company Ramsbuy Property AB. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024651 Chicheley Brook Chicheley Brook - formerly known by the alternative name Tickford Brook - is a long river in Buckinghamshire, England, that is a tributary to the River Great Ouse. Located entirely in the Borough of Milton Keynes, the river rises near the village of Cranfield, flows north-west around North Crawley then turns west before Hardmead; it then follows a southerly course past Chicheley for before resuming its westerly course and flowing into the River Great Ouse near Newport Pagnell. Water quality. Water quality of Chicheley Brook in 2019, according to the Environment Agency, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the UK's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69293535 Beautiful Thing (Ben Vaughn album) Beautiful Thing is an album by the American rock and roll musician Ben Vaughn (credited to the Ben Vaughn Combo), released in 1987. The album's final track, "The Apology Line", is covered on Barrence Whitfield's "Ow! Ow! Ow!" Production. The album was produced by Ben Vaughn, who also wrote the songs. Mostly acoustic, the songs were in part inspired by radio disc jockey patter and random conversations overheard by Vaughn. The band used bongos, hubcaps, maracas, and accordion on many of the tracks. Critical reception. Robert Christgau thought that "unlike many comedians, this mild-mannered male chauvinist is funniest when he lets on how clever he is." "Trouser Press" wrote that ""Beautiful Thing" has a fresh, easygoing feel, but too much restraint can be dangerous: halfway through the first side, this mild record threatens to slide right off the turntable." "The New York Times" concluded that "all the three-chord rock of the 1950's and 60's--rockabilly, surf-rock, Cajun, rhythm-and-blues, country--twangs and relaxes together in the Ben Vaughn Combo, as Mr. Vaughn talk-sings his way through droll, understated songs without a hint of rock's latter-day histrionics." "The Philadelphia Inquirer" deemed the album "a marvelously eclectic collection of rock styles and romantic observations." The "Philadelphia Daily News" called the tracks "clever, evocative new songs in a time honored, timeless style," writing that the band "has a slap happy simplicity and ragged enthusiasm that's anachronistic, that seems a throwback to the 1950s rockabilly era of Eddie Cochran and Buddy Holly and the Big Bopper." "The Washington Post" determined that "sometimes Vaughn sounds like what might have happened if Lou Reed had influenced Bob Dylan rather than the other way around, but he always manages a neat wedding of lyric and melody." The "Chicago Tribune" stated that "Vaughn brings some uncommon touches to numbers about male-female relationships." AllMusic wrote that "the tunes on "Beautiful Thing" never hit harder than they have to or take up more space than necessary, and their modesty only adds to their effectiveness." "The State" included "Beautiful Thing" on its list of the ten best albums of 1987. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69293617 Travieso (footballer) Manuel Lopez Llamosas (1 May 1900 - 14 October 1975), known as Travieso, was a Spanish footballer who represented multiple teams in Spain. He was capped once by the Spain national football team in 1922, scoring twice. Club career. Travieso started his career in the academies of Real Zaragoza and CE Sabadell, before going on to play regional football. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69293630 Hildegard von Bingen Prize for Journalism The Hildegard von Bingen Prize for Journalism () is an annual journalism award. Since 1995, it is awarded by the Board of Trustees of the Hildegard von Bingen Prize. Former award winners are members of the Board of Trustees. The award was founded in 1995 by the biographer and journalist . A publicist is honored "for an outstanding, professionally and culturally important journalistic individual achievement or a life's work." The prize money is EUR10,000. The award is named after the medieval abbess Hildegard von Bingen. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69293639 1964 Concordia Cobbers football team The 1964 Concordia Cobbers football team was an American football team that represented Concordia College of Moorhead, Minnesota, as a member of the Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (MIAC) during the 1964 NAIA football season. In their 24th year under head coach Jake Christiansen, the Cobbers compiled a 10-0-1 record (7-0 against conference opponents), won the MIAC championship, and tied Sam Houston State in the Champion Bowl to share the NAIA national championship. Junior fullback Dave Heide totaled 993 rushing yards in nine regular-season games. Four Cobbers received first-team honors on the 1964 All-MIAC football team selected by the conference coaches: Heide; senior quarterback Bob Nick (praised for his "versatility and amazing football sense"); senior end Paul Brynteson (chosen for his "blocking strength", "pass-catching moves", and "place-kicking toe"); and linebacker Bob Braun (described as "a 200-pound socker"). Concordia had a total enrollment in the fall of 1964 of 1,800 students. 
