https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69002991 Richard Hanbury-Tenison Sir Richard Hanbury-Tenison, KCVO (3 January 1925 - 12 August 2017) was a Welsh-Irish diplomat, soldier and royal representative. Born on 3 January 1925, he was the son of Major G. E. F. Tenison and Ruth, "nee" Hanbury. His father was from Ireland, but his mother's family had made their wealth out of mining iron ore and processing it in Pontypool in Wales over two centuries earlier. Hanbury-Tenison attended Eton and then served as an officer in the Irish Guards from 1943, firstly in Belgium and the Netherlands in late 1944 and then in Germany in 1945, where he was wounded. After studying at Magdalen College, Oxford, he entered HM Diplomatic Service in 1949. He was in Austria from 1956, dealing with the arrival of refugees from Hungary. He subsequently served in Romania and as political counsellor in Germany and Belgium. He left the service in 1975 and settled in the Welsh county of Gwent. There, he was closely involved with various public bodies. Having served as High Sheriff of the county in 1977, he was the Lord Lieutenant of Gwent from 1979 to 2000 and was appointed a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in the 1995 Birthday Honours. He died on 14 August 2017. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69002996 The Bachelor (American season 26) The twenty-sixth season of "The Bachelor" premiered on January 3, 2022. This season features 28-year-old Clayton Echard, a medical sales representative from Eureka, Missouri. Echard finished in eighth place on the eighteenth season of "The Bachelorette" featuring Michelle Young. Production. Casting and contestants. In August 2021, it was reported that season 15 runner-up Tyler Cameron, and season 17's Greg Grippo, Andrew Spencer and Michael Allio, were in consideration for the lead role. On September 15, 2021, media outlets reported that Echard was selected as the Bachelor. The next day, the production crew was also reported in Echard's hometown of Eureka, Missouri to film footage for his upcoming season. Host Jesse Palmer further confirmed the news on Instagram in October 2021. Echard was formally announced as The Bachelor on November 30, 2021. Notable contestants include Hurricane Sandy survivor Daria Rose; Denver Broncos cheerleader Gabby Windey, who is the ex-girlfriend of "The Bachelorette" and "Bachelor in Paradise" contestant Dean Unglert; Olympic sprinter Marlena Wesh, who represented Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics; Miss Virginia USA 2020 and Miss USA 2020 competitor Susie Evans; Miss South Carolina Teen 2015 and top 10 finalist at Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2016 Sarah Hamrick; Miss Teen America 2013 Lindsay Dobbs; and Oppenheim Group realtor Kate Gallivan, who appeared in the series "Selling Sunset". Filming and development. On September 28, 2021, it was announced that former "Bachelor" Jesse Palmer would host the season, replacing former host Chris Harrison. Harrison departed the franchise in June 2021 following backlash after his support for Rachael Kirkconnell, the winner of the previous season, whose photos resurfaced of her attending an Antebellum South-themed party. The season reverted to its standard production format and initial filming location in Agoura Hills, California. This will be the first season they have filmed at the Villa de la Vina mansion (known as The Bachelor Mansion) since season 24, after the previous four seasons of "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette" were filmed in a bio-secure bubble zone due to the COVID-19 pandemic. All contestants and crew members are required to present proof of vaccination for COVID-19 to participate. Filming began on September 29, 2021, and interstate and international travel returned this season. Filming was reported in Houston, Texas at NRG Stadium in October 2021, and in Iceland in November 2021 at Harpa Concert Hall in Reykjavik and Ingolfsskali Viking Restaurant in Olfus. Additionally, the season includes visits to the Canadian province of Ontario, Croatia and Austria. Contestants. 33 potential contestants were revealed on September 25, 2021. The final cast of 31 women was announced on December 15, 2021. However, one of the contestants, Salley Carson, a 26-year-old spine surgery robot operator from Greenville, South Carolina, made the decision to drop out of the show hours before the limo arrivals. As a result, only 30 women participated in the show. Episodes. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003005 Urgewald Urgewald is a group which researches coal companies, because they are among the top contributors to greenhouse gas emissions and so cause climate change. The Global Coal Exit List, which they publish, is famous. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003026 Pramila Mallik Pramila Mallik is an Indian politician. She was elected to the Odisha Legislative Assembly from Binjharpur as a member of the Biju Janata Dal. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003028 Wilczka Falls Nature Reserve The Wilczka Falls Nature Reserve - a landscape nature reserve located in Lower Silesia, Klodzko County, in the Bystrzyca Klodzka Municipality, near the town of Miedzygorze. Location and description. The reserve is located in the Snieznik Landscape Park, at an altitude of 570 m above sea level, within the Natura 2000 area. Established in 1958 on the area of 2.75 ha, the reserve comprises the area around the Wilczka Falls, basin and gorge. A 2012 decree stated that the area of the reserve was reduced to 2.65 ha, however, it later turned out that two subdivisions were mistakenly omitted. This error was corrected by the 2016 order, which restored the previous, correct value of 2.75 ha. The reserve consists of an old beech forest with fir, sycamore and spruce admixtures. The following plant species can be found here: cardamine glanduligera, galium odoratum, polygonatum verticillatum, prenanthes purpurea, hordelymus europaeus, athyrium filix-femina, phegopteris connectilis, dryopteris dilatata, lamium galeobdolon, and festuca altissima. The cool, dark and humid microclimate is also conducive to lush bryophyte vegetation. The bottom of the gorge and its mouth are overgrown with leper herb vegetation with moisture-loving plant species such as: white leopard's-foot trefoil, mountain love-grass, mountain water milfoil, and cinquefoil. Waterfall. Previously called "Wodogrzmoty Zeromskiego (Zeromski Falls)", the Wilczka Falls ("German: Wolfelsfall)" is located on the Wilczka River in the Snieznik Massif (Eastern Sudetes), near Miedzygorze. The height of the waterfall is 22 m. It is the second largest waterfall in the Polish Sudetes, after the Kamienczyk Falls. Before the great flood in 1997, the water was falling from a height greater by 5 meters. The flood erased an artificially made threshold from the beginning of the 19th century. Before 1945 the height of the waterfall reached as much as 30 m. The cascade falls from a 3 m wide sill into a small eversion basin carved in a less resistant shale. In winter a spectacular icefall is formed around the cascade. Tourism. The first known description of this place dates back to 1781, written by H. Reisser. The river gorge was then considered unbeaten until 1834, when two officers: Lutz and von Leuthold swam across it. Since the end of the 18th century the waterfall was a destination of frequent excursions from the nearby resorts of Ladek and Dlugopol-Zdroj. In the 19th century, during the reign of Princess Marianne of Orange, a small park with a fountain was created above the waterfall surrounded by a romantic garden[4]. On the initiative of the Negler siblings, stairs, railings and footbridges were built to access viewpoints and the bottom of the gorge. A fee was charged for visiting the waterfall. No traces of the former park layout have survived to the present day. Currently, sightseeing is open to the public along the trails marked out in the reserve. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003040 Lily of the Valley (album) Lily of the Valley is the debut studio album by Irish alternative rock band Funeral Suits. It was released on 4 June 2012, by Model Citizen Records. Singles. The first track from album, "Machines" was released as a music video on 5 February 2009. On 14 April 2011, Funeral Suits released the second music video "Colour Fade". Critical reception. In a review for "DIY", El Hunt wrote: "On the ominously named "Lily Of The Valley" - with all its symbolic associations with death and mourning -- the listener happily gobbles it up for breakfast lunch and tea. This is in part due to the band's impressive command of their craft, and also the album's place in the almost foolproof hands of Stephen Street." At "The 405", critic reviewer Alex Walker noted: "Although the record is not revolutionary, nor would it have been even if had been released a year and a half ago. It is however a very solid debut release; heartfelt and sincere, brimming with a variety of well conceived ideas. The band have a genuine knack for crafting big, epic, extravagant guitar moments complimented throughout by intelligent electronic arrangements." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003100 Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County 4th constituency (1990-2011) The Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County constituency no. 4 () was one of the single member constituencies of the National Assembly, the national legislature of Hungary. The district was established in 1990, when the National Assembly was re-established with the end of the communist dictatorship. It was abolished in 2011. Members. The constituency was first represented by Laszlo Petronyak of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) from 1990 to 1994. Istvan Fule of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) was elected in 1994 and served until 2006. Imre Ivancsik of the MSZP was elected in 2006 and served until 2010. In the 2010 election, Ildiko Janosine Bene of Fidesz was elected representative. Election result. 1990 election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003108 Sudhamek Agung Waspodo Sunyoto Sudhamek Agung Waspodo Sunyoto (Indonesian old spelling, Sudhamek Agoeng Waspodo Soenjoto. Also known as Sudhamek or Sudhamek AWS) is member of Pancasila Ideology Development Agency Steering Committee since 7 June 2017. Prior this appointment, he was Chairman of GarudaFood Group. He currently is one of 150 Indonesian billionaires. On 13 October 2021, he appointed as National Research and Innovation Agency Steering Committee member. Early Life, Education, and Careers. Sudhamek was born from Chinese Indonesian family and last of 11 siblings. He is son of Darmo Putro, a Chinese, former Indonesian Revolutionary hero-turned-trader and later owner of PT. Tudung Putra Jaya, a small company at that time which trading tapioca flour, founded in 1958. Despite hailed from a quite financially well family, he was always bullied in school due to his unusual name given to him by his parents. Being bullied until high school resulted to his anxiety, trauma, and loss of confidence resulted in borderline marks during his school time. He regained his confidence after achieved best marks during his time as economy student at Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana (UKSW), Salatiga. Sudhamek was graduated from UKSW and obtained 2 degrees at nearly the same time. He obtained bachelor's degree in Economy in 1981 and bachelor's degree in Law on 1982 from UKSW. Despite his aspiration to continue his education to master's degree and went abroad, he did not afford it at that time due to financial limitation of his family. He later worked at Gudang Garam for more than 13 years, enriching his experience by-trade in business and management. He later returned to his family business and continuing it until finally become GarudaFood Group. On 23 January 2016, he granted "doctor honoris causa" in Economy from his alma mater, UKSW. Personal life. Sudhamek married to Lanny Rosiana in 1990. From the marriage, they had 3 children, 2 sons and 1 daughter. While he was not graduated from big university abroad and/or had higher than bachelor's degree, his children were graduate from renowned university with his 2 elder sons, Adhitya and Yudie completed their bachelor's degree from University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and master's degree at Babson University, and his only daughter, Henny was graduated from LASALLE College of the Arts. Sudhamek is a Buddhist from Mahayana school. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003119 James Needham (mycologist) James Needham (1849-1913) was an English mycologist and iron moulder from Hebden Bridge, Yorkshire. He was introduced to fungi by Charles Crossland. He was a founding member of the British Mycological Society. Notable for his working-class status, Needham became one of the foremost collectors of fungi and bryophytes in the UK. He was instrumental, along with Henry Thomas Soppitt, in the discovery of a heteroecious lifecycle in a "Puccinia" species. He was also amongst the first proponents of plant and fungal ecology in Great Britain. His collections and archives are dispersed across the UK including Leeds Museum and Tolson Museum. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003137 Climate 200 Climate 200 is an Australian fund that aims to donate money to candidates who want to advance climate policy. Background. The convenor of Climate 200 is Simon Holmes a Court, who was a part of Josh Frydenberg's fundraising group, the Kooyong 200. With a background in renewable energy and climate policy, Holmes a Court wrote an article in 2018 that was critical of the Coalition's efforts to keep coal fire power stations open. Holmes a Court was thrown out of the group within 24 hours after the article was released, but this gave him an insight into major fundraising for campaigns. The name of his fund is a tongue in cheek reference to the Kooyong 200. The goals of the fund is to support community independents and to fight back against the major parties who have written the election rules to their own advantage, and have failed to put forward a credible climate policy. Election campaigns. 2019 federal election. In the lead-up to the 2019 federal election the group raised over $500,000 and donated the money mostly to independent candidates, but also donated to the campaign of Adam Bandt of the Greens. 2022 election campaign. For the next federal election, the group is planning to target a number of seats held by the Liberal Party. Many of the seats have grassroots 'Voices' groups that intend to run independent candidates. The group announced a number of high-profile former independent MP's to join their advisory panel. The focus of the group is to get more people on the crossbench who aim to strengthen climate policy. Because much of their activity happens in Liberal held seats, various members of the Liberal party have attacked them as a front for the Greens, and questioned where their money comes from, and asking the Australian Electoral Commission to look into their finances. In October 2021 the group announced that they had raised $2 million in 6 weeks. By December 2021 that had grown to $6.5 million from 6750 donors. The group has also conducted polling in some of the seats that they planned to support. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003150 Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County 5th constituency (1990-2011) The Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County constituency no. 5 () was one of the single member constituencies of the National Assembly, the national legislature of Hungary. The district was established in 1990, when the National Assembly was re-established with the end of the communist dictatorship. It was abolished in 2011. Members. The constituency was first represented by Istvan Molnar of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) from 1990 to 1994. Imre Farkas of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) was elected in 1994 and served until 2010. In 2010 election followed by Istvan Sagi of Fidesz. Election result. 1990 election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69571071 Prakash Parimal Prakash Parimal (prkaash priml) (26 November 1936 - 25 August 2021) was a Hindi-Rajasthani writer, a Hindi/English art critic, hobby-painter and a prolific translator. Education and Occupations. He obtained the post-graduate degree in Philosophy from the Rajasthan University in 1960 and also specialized in English Literature from the same in 1963. He joined the Department of Parapsychology of the University established to study alleged cases regarding rebirth/incarnation of men. After having Worked in the research-projects under departmental head, Hemendra Nath Banerjee in (1964) Parimal again in 1976, was associated as the officer-in-charge of a new 'research and reference cell' created by Dr. Govind Chandra Pande, the VC of the University. Later, Prakash Parimal Worked as an English teacher in a Government school and ultimately landed as Assistant Director in Shardul Rajasthani Research Institute, Bikaner. (1966-1979) After his term was over on superannuation, Parimal engaged himself in full-time Vaidik-research, translation-projects, Freelance creative writing and painting, while living in Jaipur till his death in 2021. Although he did not study Sanskrit language formally, but was a self-taught student of the language and also of Vedas. Literary Contribution. He has a large number of books to his credit mainly on Hindi literature philosophy Vedic-knowledge, Aesthetics, and Indian Art, out of which some of them are as under: Major Published Books. lok-sNskRti: ruup aur drshn bhaartiiy sNskRti kii ruuprekhaa chuuttii huii ek smRtigNdh (kvitaa-sNgrh) aniitaa (upnyaas) ved ke devtaa :svrup aur vijnyaan bhaartiiy sNskRti ke ne aayaam vaidik sauNdryshaastr kii bhuumikaa vedoN meN vyaavhaarik vijnyaan bhaartiiy drshn aur sNskRti kaa merudNdd : ved phir upsthit rNg (kvitaa-sNgrh) saakssii-naatty-shiromnni gosvaamii shivaanNd (sNkssipt monograaph) smy nirt athaah (kvitaa-sNgrh) ghr: ek prvt, prem: ek phuul (kvitaa-sNgrh) vstu asiim meN hm naaciij' (kvitaa-sNgrh) rNg-e-hyaat (g'j'l-sNgrh) gNgaa ndii nhiiN sNgmrmr kaa drvaaj'aa ghre paanii paitth jb suurj bhk gyaa Treasures of Indian Art https://readersend.com/product/treasures-of-indian-art-heritage/ A Passage from Sindhu-Saraswati to Ganges https://www.nlb.gov.sg/biblio/12684393 Other Publications. Parimal's articles, poems, reviews, critiques, comments, criticism, short stories and essays have been published in reputed Hindi magazines and periodicals like Navneet (Hindi Digest), Raswanti, Bhasha, Vaatayan, Gagananchal, Sakshatkaar, Bharati, Kalpna, Gyanodaya, Naya-Prateek, Art Contemporary, Samkaaleen kala, ka kha ga, Madhumati, Poorwagrah, Bindu, Lahar, Yug-prabhat, Sanskriti, Bhasha, Kala-prayojana, Deeth, Rajasthan Bharti, etc. Some of his stories are included in the collective story-book 'Kahaani Ka Samaya', edited by Hemant Shesh, Edited Journals. 'Rajasthan-Bharati' (1966 to 1979) 'Mandand' 'Swayatta-Shasan' etc. = Honours and awards = For his literary contributions, he has been honored / felicitated by the following institutions- 'Kala-Vritta' Sanstha Samman Jaipur (1982) 'Face' and art-group 'Peg Art Group' honor (1983) Tailang Kulam Life-Time Award (2011) 'Anurag Seva Sansthan' Samman (2011) 'Amrit-Samman' 2013 from Rajasthan Sahitya Academy = Death = He died on 25 August 2021 in Jaipur after suffering from Alzheimer disease. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69571077 Efgartigimod alfa Efgartigimod alfa, sold under the brand name Vyvgart, is a medication used to treat myasthenia gravis. The most common side effects include respiratory tract infections, headache, and urinary tract infections. Efgartigimod alfa is a neonatal Fc receptor blocker and is a new class of medication. It is an antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn), preventing FcRn from recycling immunoglobulin G (IgG) back into the blood. The medication causes a reduction in overall levels of IgG, including the abnormal acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibodies that are present in myasthenia gravis. It was approved for medical use in the United States in December 2021. Medical uses. Efgartigimod alfa is indicated for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) in adults who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive. History. The safety and efficacy of efgartigimod alfa were evaluated in a 26-week clinical study of 167 participants with myasthenia gravis who were randomized to receive either efgartigimod alfa or placebo. The study showed that more participants with myasthenia gravis with antibodies responded to treatment during the first cycle of efgartigimod alfa (68%) compared to those who received placebo (30%) on a measure that assesses the impact of myasthenia gravis on daily function. More participants receiving efgartigimod alfa also demonstrated response on a measure of muscle weakness compared to placebo. Society and culture. Legal status. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted the application for efgartigimod alfa fast track and orphan drug designations. The FDA granted the approval of Vyvgart to Argenx BV. Names. Efgartigimod alfa is the international nonproprietary name (INN). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69571085 Froggattisca radiostriata Froggattisca radiostriata is a species of cave-dwelling antlion (or Myrmeleontidae), endemic to Queensland and Western Australia. The species was first described in 1985 by Tim New. Miller and Stange describe this species (and all "Froggattisca" species) as not being a true cave-dwelling antlion, because not all life stages are confined to caves. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003191 NSK Trade City NSK Trade City Sdn Bhd, doing business as NSK Trade City and colloquially known as NSK, is a network of local wholesalers and retailers based in Malaysia. The company's name "NSK" is short for New Seng Kee. It operates in the grocery stores industry and was incorporated on 28 August 2003. The net profit margin of NSK Trade City Sdn Bhd increased by 1.37% in 2019. History. NSK started off as a family business by the Lim family, selling daily groceries and household goods at Pasar Chow Kit in 1985. Somewhere in 1991, the company then grew from a small kiosk business to a big retail store that offers a variety of grocery and household items which was located along Jalan Raja, Kuala Lumpur. In December 2018, NSK officially opened its 21th outlet at the ground floor of BMC Mall in Bandar Mahkota Cheras and a total RM8mil had been invested for the construction of the huge outlet. On 31 December 2020, NSK launched its 30th outlet at Star Avenue Lifestyle Mall located in Shah Alam. The outlet is one of the mall's anchor tenant spanning across 36,000 sq ft. List of branches by location. This is a list of NSK hypermarkets, NSK Trade City and NSK Grocer outlets in Malaysia as of October 2021. NSK Trading Sdn. Bhd. is also included in this list and was also established as a small retail wholesaler. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003197 Athletics at the 2019 European Games - Men's 110 metres hurdles The men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 2019 European Games in Minsk took place on 23 June. The winners in this discipline were determined during the qualifications for Dynamic New Athletics. Results. Wind:#lt;br#gt; Match 1: -0.8 m/s, Match 2: +1.4 m/s, Match 3: -0.3 m/s, Match 4: +1.3 m/s 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003205 1983 Hindu Kush earthquake The 1983 Hindu Kush earthquake occurred south of Fayzabad, Badakhshan in northeast Afghanistan, near the border with Pakistan and the USSR (now Tajikistan). Striking 214.5 km beneath the Hindu Kush mountains, the moment magnitude 7.4 quake affected three countries, killing at least 26 people and injuring several hundred. Tectonic setting. The Afghanistan-Pakistan-Tajikistan border region lies within the broad zone of ongoing crustal deformation caused by continental collision between the Indian Plate and the Eurasian Plate. The area is seismically active, particularly as a result of faulting at just over 200 km depth within the downgoing slab, producing intraplate earthquakes. Many large greater than magnitude 7.0 have been observed in the Hindu Kush, all with similar epicenters, with an approximate periodicity of about 10-15 years. These events have reverse fault focal mechanisms, which for the near-vertical slab indicates active extension. It has been proposed that these earthquakes are a result of "necking" of the downgoing slab, a process that may eventually lead to break-off. Smaller shallow focus earthquakes are also observed in the region, particularly associated with north-south trending zones of right lateral strike-slip, such as the Chaman Fault, with an increasing degree of shortening to the north, together accommodating the highly oblique convergence between the Indian Plate and the Eurasian Plate. Earthquake. The most recent large event of this type was the October 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake which killed over 300 people. The earthquake of 1983, together with that of 1993, 2002, and 2015 occurred in close proximity with each other. Events like these are considered an "earthquake next". The focal mechanism according to the U.S. Geological Survey indicated intermediate-depth reverse faulting. The seismogenic fault beneath the Hindu Kush is thought to have produced four magnitude 7.3-7.5 earthquakes between 1949 and 2015, and two 7.0 events in 1974 and 1993. The magnitude 7.3-7.5 earthquakes had an estimated 1.2 meters, and 0.7 meters for the 7.0 earthquakes, resulting in a total displacement of 6.2 meters along the same fault through 1949 and 2015, distributed across six earthquakes. Vertical necking or stretching of the rapidly moving (10 cm/yr) downgoing slab in the vicinity of the source fault encourages a high slip rate of 9.6 cm/year. The estimated slip rate is much faster than the 1 cm/yr convergent rate at the surface. Waveform inversion using the Bayesian information criterion revealed the earthquake consisted of two subevents with the latter about 20 km away from the first subevent. The first event occurred near the hypocenter along the fault. It's estimated that the latter subevent released seven times the seismic moment of the former. Other events. Two years after the 1983 quake, the Hindu Kush region was hit with another magnitude 7.4 quake. It struck with an epicenter 30 km southwest of the 1983 event at 98.7 km beneath the mountains. Five people died and 38 were injured in the Chitral and Swat districts of Pakistan. That quake triggered rockslides and avalanches throughout the Hindu Kush and Himalaya region. It had a maximum intensity of VIII ("Severe") felt at Khorog and Qurgonteppa, USSR. The earthquake was also felt strongly at New Delhi, India. Impact. A total of 26 people died; 12 in Kabul and Samangan, Afghanistan, and 14 at Peshawar, Pakistan. Several hundred people suffered injuries in Pakistan while 483 were reported in Afghanistan. Damage was also reported in the USSR, now Tajikistan. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003214 Georgi Gongadze (footballer) Georgi Mikhailovich Gongadze (; born 20 March 1996) is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a forward for FC SKA-Khabarovsk. Career. He made his debut in the Russian Professional Football League for PFC Dynamo Stavropol on 12 March 2017, in a game against FC Biolog-Novokubansk. He played the full match. As a member of FC SKA Rostov-on-Don, he became one of the top scorers in the Russian Professional Football League, scoring 17 goals. He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Torpedo Moscow on 10 July 2021 in a game against FC Kuban Krasnodar. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003246 Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County 6th constituency (1990-2011) The Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County constituency no. 6 () was one of the single member constituencies of the National Assembly, the national legislature of Hungary. The district was established in 1990, when the National Assembly was re-established with the end of the communist dictatorship. It was abolished in 2011. Members. The constituency was first represented by Albert Toth of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) from 1990 to 1994. Istvan Tokar of the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) was elected in 1994 and served until 1998. In 1998 Lajos Busi of Fidesz was elected representative. Endre Rozsa of the MSZP was elected in 2002 and served until 2010. In 2010 election followed by Istvan Boldog of Fidesz. Election result. 1990 election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003260 Duchy of Brzesc Kujawski The Duchy of Brzesc Kujawski, also known as the Duchy of Kuyavian Brest, was a district principality in the Central Europe, in the region of Kuyavia. Its capital was Brzesc Kujawski. It was formed on 3 January 1268 in the partition of the Duchy of Kuyavia. Its first ruler was duke Wladyslaw I Lokietek of the Piast dynasty. The state was conquered by the State of the Teutonic Order in 1332, during Polish-Teutonic War, with its capitol being captured on 21 April. Until 1300, it was an independent state, after what, it had become a fiefdom within the Kingdom of Poland, that in 1320, got transformed into the United Kingdom of Poland. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003267 Madinawa The Madinawa are Islamic Leaders that claimed to be a clan of Sharifian descent and traced their lineage to the family of the Islamic prophet Muhammad through his grandson Hassan ibn Ali. They are related to the Alaouite dynasty of Morocco, and are said to have migrated to Kano Emirate due to conflicts and wars within the Moroccan monarchy. The claim of being descendants of Muhammad enabled them to be regarded as a kind of nobility, with them becoming privileged in the chieftaincy system of the Kano Emirate. They were additionally believed to possess "baraka", or blessing power. Claiming this lineage also served to justify authority as the Idrisi dynasty (788-974), the Saadi dynasty (1510-1659), and the 'Alawi dynasty (1631-present) all claimed lineage from Ahl al-Bayt. In Kano Emirate, they are referred to as Awliya Madinawa Malamai by some people, in reference to the city of Medina where they claimed to have originated from, situated in Western Saudi Arabia. Most of their ancestors were Islamic saints. History. The Alawite dynasty from Tafilalt rose to power through its own claims of prophetic lineage as well as its alliances with "shurafa"' families in Fes, especially the Idrisid family, descendants of the founder of Fes, Idris II.Beginning during the reign of Sultan Ismail Ibn Sharif (1672-1727), the Makhzen began to officially document and verify lineages, restricting the number of families that could receive tax cuts and other benefits on the basis of their "sharifi" lineage. On the death of Ismail ibn Sharif, the throne was ascended to by Abu'l Abbas Ahmad of Morocco on 22nd March, 1727. He was deposed in 1728 by Abdalmalik of Morocco, yet he was restored briefly afterwards at Oued Beht. He was deposed once more, on the day of his death on 5 March 1729 at Meknes. He was succeeded by his half-brother Abdallah of Morocco. Moulay Abdalmalik was earmarked as his father's successor until he fell from favour and was replaced as heir by his two years younger full-brother Abu'l Abbas Ahmad of Morocco in 1727. Abu'l Abbas Ahmad of Morocco proved quite ineffective as a ruler, he was overthrown in a coup instigated by his own wives. Moulay Abdelmalik was proclaimed Sultan, but failed to prevent his brother's escape and made the mistake of criticising the fiercely loyal "bukhari" (the imperial black bodyguards). The "bukhari" then threw their support behind the ousted Abu'l Abbas Ahmad , thus throwing Morocco into yet another civil war. A compromise was reached between the brothers after bloody fighting, splitting Morocco into two kingdoms. Abu'l Abbas Ahmad was to have Meknes for his capital while Abdelmalik was to rule from Fez. Not content with this however, Abdelmalik arranged a face-to-face meeting with his brother with the intention of assassinating him. The attempt failed and Abdelmalik was sent off under guard to a remote prison, where he was later assassinated. The Madinawa claimed that due to power tussles and inter-family wars they migrated from Morocco to Northern Nigeria where they settled at Bakin Ruwa in Kano City before been appointed as Islamic religious leaders of the town of Kadawa in Warawa, Kano State by the Kano Emirate Council. On their way to Kano it was reported that they stayed for a while in Majiya, Borno and Sudan. Pre-colonial period. The Madinawa concentrated in the propagation of Islam in Northern Nigeria and the religious leadership of the community. Imam Ghali Kadawa, one of their tribesmen, was appointed as the spiritual leader and Imam of Kadawa, at Warawa by the Kano Emirate Council. 19th century changes. In the 19th century, a new merchant and bureaucratic class emerged from the Madinawa who exerted influence in Kano State and Nigeria's political landscape. Some of them inter-married with the royal houses of Kano and became traditional titleholders. They produced numerous imams, Islamic theologians, traditional title holders, bureaucrats and politicians in the Emirate of Kano, members of the dynasty identify themselves as Fulani, Hausa, Hausa-Fulani Arabs or Hausa-Fulani depending on their cultural assimilation, the claim of descent from the Arab tribe and the prophet is common in scholarly lineages throughout Northern Nigeria and the Sahara. Members of the dynasty that descended from the Jobawa clan on the maternal side are entitled to be appointed as Makaman Kano, due to the precedent established during the reign of Sarkin Kano Aliyu Babba, who appointed Sarkin Takai Umaru Dan Maisaje as Makaman Kano, whose link with the Jobawa is through his father's mother Habiba, the sister of Malam Bakatsine, the traditional requisite of agnatic descent was not considered in the appointment leading to the establishment of a precedent for the descendants of the Jobawa with paternal or maternal links to aspire to be appointed as Makaman Kano. An Awliya Madinawa Malamai clan member Abdullahi Aliyu Sumaila, the progenitor of the Muallimawa dynasty, has a link to the Jobawa through his paternal great-grandmother, the daughter of the Village head of Sumaila, Sarkin Sumaila Dansumaila Akilu, a bajobe and son of Makaman Kano Iliyasu. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003282 Athletics at the 2019 European Games - Women's javelin throw The women's javelin throw event at the 2019 European Games in Minsk took place on 23 June. The winners in this discipline were determined during the qualifications for Dynamic New Athletics. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003304 Regner Leuhusen Lieutenant General "Friherre" Regner Niels Carlsson Leuhusen (22 December 190010 March 1994) was a Swedish Army officer. Leuhusen served as commander of Varmland Regiment (1951-1953), and as Commanding General of the VII Military District (1957-1959) and the V Military District (1963-1966). Early life. Leuhusen was born on 22 December 1900 in Stockholm, Sweden, the son of "ryttmastare", "Friherre" Carl Leuhusen and his wife Lizinka (nee Sorensen). Career. Leuhusen was commissioned as an officer in 1921 and was assigned as a second lieutenant to Svea Life Guards. He was promoted to "underlojtnant" in 1923 and to lieutenant in 1926. Leuhusen became captain in the General Staff in 1935 and he served in Norrbotten Regiment in 1939 and was major at Military Academy Karlberg in 1941. He served as a teacher of land warfare at the Royal Swedish Air Force Staff College in 1941. Leuhusen was major in the General Staff Corps in 1942 and served as head of the Central Department in the Army Inspectorate ("Armeinspektionen") from 1942. He was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1944 and served in Jonkoping-Kalmar Regiment in 1945. He was promoted to colonel in 1947 and was assigned to Svea Life Guards. Leuhusen then served as commander of the Swedish Infantry Gunnery School from 1946 to 1951 and of Varmland Regiment from 1951 to 1953. He was colonel in the General Staff Corps and served as chief of Section II in the Army Staff in 1953. Leuhusen was promoted to major general in 1957 and served as Commanding General, VII Military District between 1 April 1957 and 30 September 1959. He was then Commanding General, V Military District from 1959 to 1966. He retired from active service in 1966 and was promoted to lieutenant general on the reserve list. Besides his military career, Leuhusen was the King in Council's representative at the Central Board of the National [Swedish] Rifle Clubs ("Skytteforbundens overstyrelse") from 1947. He has also been credited by Major General Claes Skoglund with inventing motorized bikejoring (), based on skijoring, which is a way to pull military bicycles on a wire behind a motor vehicle to move large masses of light infantry faster. Personal life. In 1933, Leuhusen married Marie-Louise Cervell (1902-1994), the daughter of consul Gustaf Johanson and Anna (nee Valentin). They had two children: Carl Herman (1934-2010) and Caroline (born 1938). Leuhusen's brother-in-law was colonel Frank Cervell. From 1936 to 1963, Leuhusen owned a villa on Kopparbovagen 48 in Kopparbo in Kolmarden. He was the owner of Boxholm's manor in Ostergotland from 1962. Death. Leuhusen died on 10 March 1994. He was interred at Bastad's new burial ground, south of St. Mary's Church in Bastad. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003308 Renton Laidlaw Henry Renton Laidlaw (6 July 1939 - 12 October 2021) was a British golf broadcaster and journalist. Biography. Laidlaw was born in Morningside, Edinburgh in July 1939. He started working as a copytaker, compiling sports results. Laidlaw then moved to the Edinburgh Evening News, working for five years as a junior reporter, before becoming a golf writer in 1962. He then moved into television and radio, becoming one of the best recognised commentators in the sport. He also presented "Sport on 2" and "Sports Report" between 1985 and 1987. Laidlaw retired in 2015 and latterly lived in Drumoig, near Pickletillum, Fife with his sister. He died in Ninewells Hospital, Dundee on 12 October 2021, at the age of 82. Two days before his death, Laidlaw had tested positive for COVID-19 amid the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003310 K. Krishnan Kongasseri Krishnan (1916 - 13 February 1976) was an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He represented Mannarkkad constituency in 1st KLA and 2nd KLA. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003346 Emma Laird Emma Laird (born September 8, 1998) is a British actress who played roles in short films "Short Life" (2018) and "In Conversation With a Goddess" (2019). She played a main role in the streaming series "Mayor of Kingstown" as Iris, a high-end call girl, in 2021. Additionally, Laird has been listed as one of the "10 Brits to Watch" in 2021 by "Variety". Career. Laird began her career with roles in short films "From Life" and "In Conversation With a Goddess". In April 2021, she was cast in a leading role in Paramount+ series "Mayor of Kingstown" as Iris, "a dancer who uses her charms to her benefit, until those charms are used against her". She has also been offered roles in Amazon Prime Video's "The Boys" and "The Peripheral" and Netflix's "The School for Good and Evil". "The Hollywood Reporter" described her handling of concurrent offers as "li[ghting] up the town's buzz meter". In October 2021, "Variety" included Laird in their annual list of "10 Brits to Watch". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003351 Iranian fuel export to Lebanon In 2021, Iran sent five fuel tankers, all under the flag of Iran, to Lebanon. Since the financial crisis of Lebanon on August 2019, the country is experiencing a chronic shortage of fuel. The tankers were loaded from Iranian ports, after reaching the Syrian port, be trucked to Lebanon. Shipment delivery was made for Hezbullah. Background. On August 2019, due to various financial problems, the black market exchange rate began to change from the official exchange rate. The USD black market exchange rate remains to fluctuate substantially due to the devaluation of the Lebanese pound caused by sharp USD shortages within Lebanon. The Lebanese pound has lost about 90% of its value. The Guardian reported: the resulting hyperinflation, made by adverse trading situations during the COVID-19 pandemic, grossly irresponsible financial mismanagement of Lebanon's politicians and bankers, has caused subsidies of essential foodstuffs, medicine, and fuel to no longer cover their true cost. Fuel shortages have made extensive electricity cuts and led to long lines at filling stations. The World Bank has declared one of the world's worst economic crises since the mid-1800s. Export by Iran. On 19 August 2021, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, secretary-general of Hezbollah announced on televised speech Iranian fuel will sail from Iran toward Lebanon "within hours". Before, Nasrallah claimed: Tehran has accepted to trade with Lebanon using the Lebanese pound. On 2 September, the first Iranian ship arrive at Syria's Mediterranean port in Baniyas. On 13 September, Nasrallah said: the first Iranian fuel ship has reached Syria for land transfer. Then, the fuel shipment was transported by tanker trucks via Syria to the eastern Lebanese town of Baalbek. It would arrive in Lebanon by 16 September. On 24 September, Nasrallah claimed that a second Iranian fuel vessel has arrived in the Syrian port, also a third and a fourth fuel vessel sails towards Lebanon. They respectively carrying gasoline and fuel oil. Nasrallah claimed in his speech: at the first, the fuel will be donated to institutions like orphanages, public hospitals, water stations, nursing homes, and the Lebanese Red Cross for one month. Payment. Nasrallah claimed: the cost of the fuel were paid by Lebanese Shia businessmen. Reactions. Lebanon. Nasrallah said: our aim is not to trade or profit but also our aim is to alleviate the suffering of the people. He warned the Zionist regime and the U.S. against intercepting Iranian fuel vessels since as they are considered Lebanese territory. On 1 September 2021, the energy minister of Lebanon, Raymond Ghajar said: the Lebanese government has not received any request to import fuel from Iran. Hussein Hajj Hassan and Ali Hamieh New Public Works #amp; Transport Minister of Lebanon, claimed The US Blockade on Lebanon is broken. Prime Minister of Lebanon, Najib Mikati said in CNN interview, The Lebanese government has not intervened in the operation. He called the operation a violation of Lebanese sovereignty. According to The New York Times and the BBC, the Lebanese people celebrated the arrival of the first fuel trucks. they thanked Iran, Hezbollah, and Bashar al-Assad while carrying their flags. Iran. Hossein Amir-Abdollahian, current foreign minister of the Islamic Republic of Iran, said: we will supply the Lebanese government's need for fuel and will help them to resolve the problems faced due to the fuel shortage. Previously, he said Iran had sold fuel to a "Lebanese businessmen". Israel. Amnon Shefler, Israeli military spokesman, claimed: This is Iran's attempt to export its revolution and promote its agents. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003380 2021-22 Premier League Cup The 2021-22 Premier League Cup is the eighth edition of the competition. The defending champions are Everton, who won the 2018-19 competition. The previous two editions of the competition were cancelled, or not completed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom. Participants. Category 4. Salford City Qualifying round. A qualifying round was required to finalise the 32 teams that would enter the Group Stage. Group stage. The draw for the group stage took place on 25 August 2021. Teams play each other twice, with the group winners and runners-up advance to the round of 16. Group A. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; Group B. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; Group C. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; Group D. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; Group E. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; Group F. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; Group G. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; Group H. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003405 Victor Gregg Victor James Thomas Gregg (15 October 1919 - 12 October 2021) was a British author, columnist and World War II veteran. Gregg joined the armed forces in 1937, and fought in North Africa and at the Battle of Arnhem. He survived the bombing of Dresden and, after the war, worked as a spy. His best known book is "Rifleman: A Front Line Life", published in 2011. A prequel, "King's Cross Kid", was published in 2013. Both were co-written with Rick Stroud. Biography. Gregg was born in King's Cross, London on 15 October 1919, the eldest of three children. He joined the British Army in 1937, signing up for 21 years; he first joined the Rifle Brigade in India and Palestine at the age of 19, before serving in the Western Desert. Before the Battle of Arnhem, he joined the 10th Battalion, Parachute Regiment. Victor was one of 582 men parachuted into Holland as part of the ill-fated Operation Market Garden. He was taken as a prisoner of war, and attempted twice to escape before being sent to work in a soap factory. After sabotaging the factory ---causing it to burn to the ground--- he was sentenced to death in Dresden, and only escaped due to Allied bombing in February 1945. He was discharged from the Army in 1946. Gregg turned 100 in October 2019. At the time, he was interviewed and stated that Brexit was "breaking his heart". Gregg died on 12 October 2021, three days shy of his 102nd birthday. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003475 Roberts v Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen and Families Association is a judicial decision of the English Court of Appeal in relation to the proper law to govern contribution claims in cross-border torts. The plaintiff, Harry Roberts, was born in Germany and alleged that he had been injured as a result of the alleged negligence of the Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen and Families Association (the "SSAFA") at the time of his birth. Through his mother he brought legal proceedings against the SSAFA and the Ministry of Defence in the United Kingdom. The SSAFA and the Ministry of Defence then served third party contribution notices on the German hospital, alleging that if there was fault in the birth of Harry Roberts, the hospital was partially responsible. All parties agreed that any tort which had occurred would be governed by German law. The German hospital argued that any right of third party contribution against it was barred because under German law the relevant limitation period had expired. However the SSAFA and the Ministry of Defence argued that the right of contribution was governed not by German law but by English law instead, where the limitation period had not yet expired. The Court of Appeal unanimously ruled that the contribution claim was to be determined by English law, and so the relevant limitation period had not expired. Facts. Harry Roberts was born on 14 June 2000 in the Allegemeines Krankenhaus in Viersen, North-Rhine Westphalia, Germany which was a hospital providing medical services to families and members of UK Armed Forces in which his father was a serving member. The plaintiffs claimed that Harry suffered an acute profound hypoxic brain injury. His injuries were severe. He had level 5 cerebral palsy and had no independent mobility, and was confined to a wheelchair. He brought legal proceedings in England through his mother as litigation friend (even though he was over 18 at the time the claim was brought, his mental condition resulted in him being a protected party under the English civil procedure rules). He alleged that the negligent failings of the midwife who attended his mother's labour in the latter stages and who is employed by the SSAFA, caused his injuries. The defendants disputed liability, but issued proceedings against the German hospital that in the event they were found to be liable, that the hospital should make a contribution to the damages under Part 20 of the Civil Procedure Rules. The German hospital disputed liability as well, and further argued that as against them the limitation period had expired under German law. Under the Private International Law (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1995 (which applied at the time), any alleged tort was governed by German law. However, in the English courts any right of contribution was governed by the Civil Liability (Contribution) Act 1978, and it was argued that the 1978 Act mandated English law to govern the contribution claims even though German law governed the tort claims. Accordingly, as a preliminary issue it had to be determined which law governed the contribution claim. The preliminary issue was agreed by the parties, and certified by Master Yoxall in following terms: ". the relevant question for the purposes of the trial of the preliminary issue is whether or not the 1978 Act has mandatory or overriding effect and applies automatically to all proceedings for contribution brought in England and Wales, without reference to any choice of law rules. If not, German law will apply to the Defendants' claims for contribution against the Part 20 Defendant and they will be time-barred." High Court. In the High Court the preliminary issue came before Mrs Justice Foster, who ruled that the Civil Liability (Contribution) Act 1978 mandated the application of English law to the contribution claims, and thus the proceedings against the German hospital could continue in England even though they were statute barred in Germany. Court of Appeal. Lead judgment. In the Court of Appeal the lead judgment was given by Lord Justice Irwin. He began by summarising the facts and then discussing the background to the 1978 Act. He then considered the various authorities relating to the Act and the issue of the proper law to govern contribution claims. He noted that the editors of Dicey Morris #amp; Collins (12th edition) expressed the view that the proper law of the claim would govern the contribution claim as well. He also reviewed the only decision on the point - the first instance decision of Chadwick J in "Arab Monetary Fund v Hashim" ("The Times", 11 October 1994). In that decision Chadwick J had held that the effect of the Civil Liability (Contribution) Act 1978 was to apply English law to all contribution claims, irrespective of the law which governed the underlying liability. He noted that the decision in "Hashim" had been subject to a great deal of academic criticism, including most notably by Professor Adrian Briggs writing in the Lloyd's Commercial and Maritime Law Quarterly. who attacked the decision stating: "The blanket application of English law to the substance of the contribution claim is inappropriate", and criticising the inevitable "anarchy of separated parts of a single story". Irwin LJ also noted that other academic commentators had also been critical, including Professor Robert Stevens and Dr Charles Mitchell. He further noted that the Law Commission of England and Wales had, prior to the decision in "Hashim", expressed the view that contribution claims should also be governed by the proper law of the underlying claim. He then turned to the interpretation of the Civil Liability (Contribution) Act 1978 itself. He noted that there was a presumption that statutes were not intended to have extra-territorial effect ("Clark (Inspector of Taxes) v Oceanic Contractors Inc" [1983] 2 AC 130 at 145). The issue, he held, involved not one question, but two: firstly, what is the proper law of the liability in question; and secondly, whether that choice of law is overridden by the mandatory rules of the forum. A statute could be given such effect either expressly or by implication. He cited Lord Sumption in at para [29] that for a statute to have overriding effect by implication it would be necessary that: (i) the terms of the legislation cannot effectually be applied or its purpose cannot effectually be achieved unless it has extra-territorial effect; or (ii) the legislation gives effect to a policy so significant in the law of the forum that Parliament must be assumed to have intended that policy to apply to any one resorting to an English court regardless of the law that would otherwise apply. In construing the legislation, Irwin LJ felt the decisive issues were the references in sections 1(6) and 2(3)(c) which referred expressly to foreign law. In particular, section 1(6) provided: ... it is immaterial whether any issue arising in any such action was or would be determined (in accordance with the rules of private international law) by reference to the law of a country outside England and Wales. He noted that section 7(3) also stated that the Act superseded "any right" which he construed to include any right under foreign law. Taken as a whole, he formed the view that the 1978 Act was intended to have overriding application and apply English law to the issue of contribution in all cases. Concurring judgments. Both the other members of the court gave short supporting judgments. Phillips LJ summarised the decision: "The creation of (i) a statutory right of contribution as between persons notwithstanding that the liability of one or more of them arises under foreign law and (ii) the exclusion of other rights of contribution (save for express contractual rights) can and should be read together as giving rise to the plain implication that the 1978 Act has extraterritorial effect." David Richard LJ agreed with the other two members of the Court that the appeal should be dismissed, and that it was "inescapable that the 1978 Act is intended to have extra-territorial effect, in the sense that claims lie under it even though, applying the principles of private international law, they would be governed by a foreign law." But he disagreed with the other two members of the Court in that he did not view section 7(3) as definitive. He viewed that section as supporting either conclusion. Supreme Court. Permission to appeal to the Supreme Court has been granted. The appeal is expected to be heard in the Spring of 2022. Commentary. The case was reviewed in the Law Quarterly Review, commenting that "[f]rom the point of view of the conflict of laws, the result could fairly be characterised as disappointing", and noting the disparity that this creates between choice of law rules for contribution claims against a third party on the hand (which will always be determined by English law), and contributory negligence claims against the plaintiff on the other (which will be determined by the governing law of the tort or contract). It also expressed concern that the decision in "Roberts" would still be regarded as good law under the subsequent Rome II Regulation rules because of the effect of article 16. A blog post by Professor Andrew Tettenborn referred to the ruling in critical terms, stating: "The decision will hardly do much for comity; nor does the result make much sense as part of a sensible scheme of private international law, since where it applies it is an open invitation to come and do some socially-distanced forum-shopping in England." However he added that the decision was of limited importance, as it related to the Private International Law (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1995 and expressed the view that the Rome II Regulation (which would now apply) would probably produce a different outcome. Another article noted "[t]his is an important decision with significant practical effect for clinical negligence litigation involving contribution claims in an international context", but cautioned "this case was not governed by the Rome II Regulation". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003493 NASCAR engine NASCAR, the highest governing body and top level division for stock car racing, has used a range of different types of engine configurations and displacements over its 72-year history; since its inaugural season in 1949. The engines are currently used in the Cup Series, Xfinity Series, Camping World Truck Series, and the Whelen Modified Tour. Overview. The cars are currently powered by EFI V8 engines, since 2012, after 62 years using carburetion as engine fuel feed with compacted graphite iron blocks and pushrod valvetrains actuating two-valves per cylinder, and are limited to a 358 cubic inch (5.9-liter) displacement. The 2011 Sprint Cup season was the last complete Cup season with carbureted engines; at the end of the 2011 season, NASCAR announced that it would change to an electronic fuel injection system for the 2012 racing season. NXS cars do, however, continue to use carburetors. However, modern technology has allowed power outputs near in unrestricted form while retaining the conventional basic engine design. In fact, before NASCAR instituted the gear rule, Cup engines were capable of operating more than 10,000 rpm. A NASCAR Cup Series engine with the maximum bore of and stroke of at 9,000 rpm has a mean piston speed of 80.44 fps (24.75 m/s). Contemporary Cup engines run 9,800 rpm, 87.59 fps (26.95 m/s), at the road course events, on Pocono Raceway's long front stretch, and at Martinsville Speedway (a .526-mile short-track). At the backbone 1.5- to 2.0-mile tri-oval tracks of NASCAR, the engines produce over 850 hp running 9,200-9,400 rpm for 500 miles, 600 mi for the Coca-Cola 600 Charlotte race. The current NASCAR Cup engines curb weight is roughly at . The 1949 Oldsmobile Rocket V-8, with a displacement of , is widely recognized as the first postwar modern overhead valve (OHV) engine to become available to the public. The Oldsmobile was an immediate success in 1949 and 1950, and all the automobile manufacturers could not help noticing the higher sales of the Oldsmobile 88 to the buying public. The motto of the day became "win on Sunday, sell on Monday." At the time, it typically took three years for a new engine design to end up in production and be available for NASCAR racing. Most cars sold to the public did not have a wide variety of engine choices, and the majority of the buying public at the time was not interested in the large displacement special edition engine options that would soon become popular. However, the end of the Korean War in 1953 started an economic boom, and then car buyers immediately began demanding more powerful engines. The Oldsmobile was an immediate success in 1949 and 1950, and all the automobile manufacturers could not help noticing that its victories resulted in noticeably higher sales of the Oldsmobile 88 to the buying public. The motto of the day became, "Win on Sunday, sell on Monday." During the early days of stock car racing, more horsepower ultimately meant more wins. The sleek and aerodynamic Hudson Hornet managed to win in 1951, 1952, and 1953, using a flat-head inline six-cylinder engine. In 1955, Chrysler produced the C-300 with its Chrysler FirePower engine OHV engine, which easily won in 1955 and 1956. In 1957, Chevrolet sold enough of their new fuel injected engines to the public in order to make them available for racing (and Ford began selling superchargers as an option), but Bill France immediately banned fuel injection and superchargers from NASCAR before they could race. However, even without official factory support or the use of fuel injection, Buck Baker won in 1957 driving a small-block V-8 Chevrolet Bel Air. In 1961, Ford introduced the F1 390 in a low drag Galaxie "Starliner", but 1960 and '61 championships were won by drivers in 409-powered Chevrolet Impalas. Pontiac introduced their "Super Duty" 421 in Catalinas that made use of many aluminum body parts to save weight, and the Pontiacs easily won in 1962. It became apparent that manufacturers were willing to produce increasingly larger engines to remain competitive (Ford had developed a 483 they hoped to race). For the 1963 season NASCAR engines were restricted to using a maximum displacement of , and using only two valves per cylinder. Then, in 1964 the new Chrysler 426 Hemi engine so dominated the series in a Plymouth Belvedere "Sport Fury", the homologation rules were changed so that 1,000 of any engine and car had to be sold to the public to qualify as a stock part, instead of just 500. This made the 426 Hemi unavailable for the 1965 season. In 1965 Ford adapted two single-overhead-cams to their FE 427 V8 to allow it to run at a higher RPM (called the Ford 427 Cammer). Ford started to sell "cammers" to the public to homologate it (mostly to dealer-sponsored privateer drag racers), but NASCAR changed the rules to specify that all NASCAR engines must use a single cam-in-block. But even without the cammer, the Ford FE 427 won in 1965. In the past, NASCAR Xfinity Series competitors made use of less powerful, V-6 engines; instead of Cup Series' V-8s. In 1989, NASCAR changed rules requiring cars to use current body styles, similar to the Cup cars. However, the cars still used V6 engines. The cars gradually became similar to Cup cars. 1994 was the final year that V6 engines were used in the Busch Series. In 1995, changes were made. The series switched to V-8 power, with a compression ratio of 9:1 (as opposed to 14:1 for Cup at the time). The introduction of V-8s, made the two series' cars increasingly similar. For the 2015 NASCAR Cup Series, power output of the competing cars ranged from 750 to 800 hp (560 to 600 kW). The current engines are limited to on tracks 1 mile or below; on tracks greater than one mile (2019) Modern contemporary NASCAR engines are capable of producing well over 2 hp/cu. in. (up to 2.5 hp/cu. in.). Next Gen NASCAR engines will be even less powerful. They will be rated at for restrictor plate racing, and for all other tracks; including road courses, short tracks, and ovals, up to the size of Darlington Raceway, and Nashville Superspeedway. NASCAR is due to switch to hybrid powertrains in 2024. NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour. NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour series stock cars are powered by small-block V-8 engines, usually of of displacement, although larger or smaller engines can be used. Engine components are largely similar to those used in the Cup Series, but Whelen Modified Tour engines use a small four-barrel carburetor (rated at per minute, about half the airflow of previous modified carburetors), which limits their output to . On large tracks such as New Hampshire Motor Speedway, the engines must have a restrictor plate between the carburetor and intake manifold, reducing engine power and car speed for safety reasons. Restrictor Plates. As a safety measure to reduce speeds at the two high-banked superspeedways (Daytona and Talladega), restrictor plates are used. There are some tracks, however, where restrictor plates are not mandated and therefore see faster speeds--specifically Atlanta Motor Speedway and Texas Motor Speedway. While Atlanta is generally considered the fastest track, restrictor plates are not mandated there. In 2004 and 2005, higher qualifying speeds were posted at Texas, earning it the title of the circuit's fastest track. Unrestricted, Sprint Cup cars produce over 750 horsepower (560 kW) and can run at speeds in excess of 200 mph. Rusty Wallace completed a 2004 test for NASCAR at Talladega in which he used an unrestricted motor to complete average lap speeds of and top speeds near . The 2010 width is 63/64-inch. This is the largest carburetor restrictor plate opening since the one-inch mandate in 1988, the first year the horsepower-reducing plates were used in the Cup Series at Daytona. Unfortunately, the restrictor plates have an unintended effect on the race. Because of the reduced horsepower of the cars, the cars form large packs. During a race, it is not uncommon to see thirty or more lead changes during a race. This also is the source of the Big One. When a driver crashes, usually, they take that pack with them. During the 2010 Coke Zero 400, 21 of the 43 cars crashed. This is a safety concern that has puzzled NASCAR. However, an unexpected consequence of the introduction of the Car of Tomorrow and re-paving of Daytona and Talladega track surfaces has been the separation of the pack into two-car pairs. Since the 2012 season, NASCAR Cup cars now have fuel injection instead of carburetors, but restrictor plates are still being used. Beginning in 1971, NASCAR rewrote the rules to effectively force the Ford and Chrysler specialty cars out of the competition by limiting them to 305c.i. (5.0L). The cars affected by this rule include the Ford Talladega, Mercury Spoiler II, Dodge Charger 500, Dodge Charger Daytona and the Plymouth Superbird. This rule was so effective in limiting performance that only one car that season ever attempted to run in this configuration. In 1971, NASCAR handicapped the larger engines with a restrictor plate. By 1972, NASCAR phased in a rule to lower the maximum engine displacement from 429 cubic inches (7.0 liters) to its present 358 cubic inches (5.8 liters). The transition was not complete until 1974 and coincided with American manufacturers ending factory support of racing and the 1973 oil crisis. After a series of flips and dangerous crashes in the 1980s, NASCAR began requiring all cars to run a restrictor plate at Daytona and Talladega. The restrictor plate limits air into the engine, reducing horsepower and speed at these tracks from 230-240 mph to 195-200 mph. At these races, in addition to the restrictor plate, there are a variety of other technical rules and regulations to keep the cars stable and on the track. In addition to these technical rules, restrictor-plate races and road courses are the only races where NASCAR enforces track limits. At the high-speed superspeedways, track limits are marked by a double yellow line separating the apron from the racing surface. Exceeding track limits to advance one's position is subject to a drive-through penalty, or if the foul occurs on the last lap that car will be relegated to the last car on the lead lap in official race results. The superspeedway track limits (often referred as the "yellow line rule") have been part of considerable criticism and controversies, such as when Regan Smith was stripped of second-place finish at the 2008 AMP Energy 500 following a last-lap pass attempt that went below the line and controversies surrounding the finish of the 2020 YellaWood 500, with former drivers turned television coverage pundits Dale Jarrett and Dale Earnhardt, Jr. (the latter being involved in a track limits controversy at the 2003 Aaron's 499) calling for the repeal of the rule. If track limits are violated on road courses (such as not making a chicane, enforced at Watkins Glen, Daytona, and Charlotte road courses), drivers must stop at an assigned point of the circuit or face a drive-through penalty. The NASCAR Cup Series and Xfinity Series mandated the use of restrictor plates at Daytona International Speedway and Talladega Superspeedway from 1988 to 2019. The plates were put into use in 1988 as a result of a wreck in the 1987 Winston 500 at Talladega that involved the car of Bobby Allison crashing into the front stretch catch fence at a high enough speed to destroy almost 100 feet of the fence and put the race under a red flag condition for two hours. The following race at Talladega that year would be run with a smaller carburetor, however, NASCAR mandated the use of the restrictor plate at the end of the season. The restrictions are in the interest of driver and fan safety because speeds higher than the 190 mph range used for Daytona and Talladega risk cars turning over through sheer aerodynamic forces alone. The severity of crashes at higher speeds is also much greater, shown by telemetry readings of wrecks such as Elliott Sadler at Pocono Raceway and Michael McDowell at Texas Motor Speedway that were far higher than registered on restrictor-plate tracks. Drivers such as Rusty Wallace have cited data showing that the roof flaps used on the cars cannot keep them on the ground above 204 MPH. The drawback to the use of the restrictor plates has been the increased size of packs of cars caused by the decreased power coupled with the drag the vehicles naturally produce. At Daytona and Talladega, most races are marred by at least one wreck, usually referred to as "the Big One", as cars rarely become separated. Talladega has been considered the more likely track for these instances to occur as the track is incredibly wide, enough to have three to four distinct lines of cars running side by side. With the new pavement at Daytona, three-wide racing became far easier, and multi-car wrecks became more common. The 2011 Daytona 500 saw a record number of cautions including an early 17-car pile-up. These wrecks tend to be singled out for criticism despite multicar crashes at other tracks and the generally greater severity of impact on non-restricted tracks. In addition, the packs were far smaller in 1988 through 1990 until more teams mastered the nuances of this kind of racing and improved their cars (and drivers) accordingly. The 2011 Sprint Cup season was the last complete Cup season with carbureted engines; at the end of the 2011 season, NASCAR announced that it would change to an electronic fuel injection system for the 2012 racing season. The injection system used by NASCAR is a different system from that used in IndyCar Racing and other motorsports series; the EFI system that NASCAR put into use was compatible with the old restrictor plates, allowing NASCAR to continue to use them to keep the speeds lower at the superspeedways and save costs for race teams. The restrictor plates were bolted beneath a throttle body that sits in the same place as the former carburetors. Tapered spacers have been used in NASCAR's Cup Series since 2015, when a 1.170-inch aluminum block reduced horsepower from about to approximately at several tracks. The 2019 rules package mandates those same-sized spacers at all tracks less than 1.33 miles. A 0.922-inch spacer will be used at all oval tracks 1.33 miles and above, which will decrease engine horsepower to about 550. The last race with the original restrictor plates was the 2019 Daytona 500; after that race, the cars moved to a variable-sized tapered spacer already used at all other tracks, with the exception that the spacer would have smaller holes than the ones used at the smaller tracks, to ensure speeds stay under 200 MPH. The shape of the spacer helps a car funnel more air smoothly into the manifold, increasing fuel performance, while ensuring airflow is still restricted. With that change, NASCAR also mandated the use of larger rear spoilers, larger front splitters, and specially-placed front-end aero ducts. The combination of those features increased drag on the cars, counteracting the increased horsepower, keeping the cars close to the speeds they were running prior to the switch to the tapered spacer. While the racing quality noticeably improved, and passing was made easier with larger horsepower and bigger runs, speeds also noticeably increased past 200 MPH, and even into 205 MPH ranges. Reason for restrictor plates. There have been four eras that NASCAR used restrictor plates. The first use came in 1970 as part of a transition from the seven-liter era (427 cubic-inch) to the six-liter era (358 cubic-inch) engine. Following testing and input from drivers such as David Pearson, Bobby Isaac, and Bobby Allison, NASCAR mandated the use of a restrictor plate for the big-block seven-liter engines. Small-block engines, in the 358 cubic inch range, were exempt from the plates; the first car to race with a small-block engine was Dick Brooks at the 1971 Daytona 500, where he ran a 1969 Dodge Daytona with a 305 CID engine. The transition period lasted until 1974, when the current 358 cubic-inch (5870cc) limit was imposed and NASCAR eliminated the 427 cubic-inch (7000cc) engine. As the early 1970s use of restrictor plates was considered a transitional process, and as not every car used restrictor plates, this is not what most fans call "restrictor plate racing". The second use came following the crash of Bobby Allison at the 1987 Winston 500 at Talladega Superspeedway. Allison's Buick LeSabre blew a tire going into the tri-oval at , spun around and became airborne, flying tail-first into the catch fencing. While the car did not enter the grandstands it tore down nearly 100 feet of fencing and flying debris injured several spectators. After a summer where the two subsequent superspeedway races were run with smaller carburetors (390 cubic feet per minute (cfm) instead of 830 cfm) proved to be inadequate to sufficiently slow the cars, NASCAR imposed restrictor plates again, this time at the two fastest circuits, both superspeedways: Daytona for all NASCAR-sanctioned races and Talladega for Cup races. The Automobile Racing Club of America also enforced restrictor plates at their events at the two tracks. In 1992, when the Busch Grand National series began racing at Talladega, the plates were implemented, in keeping with their use at Daytona. NASCAR's concerns with speeds because of power-to-weight ratios result in restrictor plates at other tracks. The Goody's Dash Series (known now as the ISCARS series with its new ownership) used restrictor plates at Bristol during at least the last years of the series' existence when the cars were using six-cylinder engines (compared to the traditional four-cylinder engines), in addition to their Daytona races. However, restrictor plates were not initially used for Camping World Truck Series trucks. Rather, aerodynamic air intake reduction through the use of a 390 cfm carburetor, and eventually a tapered carburetor spacer was implemented for those races. Combined with the aerodynamic disadvantage of the trucks, this allowed NASCAR to avoid the use of such equipment for the trucks until 2008. In 2008, the Nationwide Series (now known as Xfinity Series) and Truck Series began implementation of tapered spacers in the engines to restrict power compared to Sprint Cup cars at all 35 (NNS) and 25 (NCTS) races. Both these NASCAR series now use a restrictor plate and tapered spacer at the two tracks. The third use came in 2000. Following fatal crashes of Adam Petty and Kenny Irwin, Jr. at the New Hampshire International Speedway during the May Busch Series and July Winston Cup Series races, respectively, NASCAR adopted a one-inch (2.54 cm) restrictor plate to slow the cars headed towards the tight turns as part of a series of reforms to alleviate stuck throttle problems which were alleged to have caused both fatal crashes. For the Winston Cup race, it was used just once at the 2000 Dura Lube 300. Jeff Burton led all 300 laps in the ensuing race, despite a 23-car two-abreast battle in the first ten laps, a dramatic charge past 22 cars in 100 laps by John Andretti (who finished seventh), and two charges by Bobby Labonte in the final 50 laps where he took the lead but Burton beat him back to the stripe. The use of restrictor plates, intended as an emergency measure pending a more permanent replacement, in any event, was discontinued at New Hampshire for the following race for Cup only. However, the Modifieds still use a restrictor plate because the speeds are too great for that class of racecar without them. The track has since been changed with SAFER Barriers to improve racing safety. Restrictor plates remain a permanent fixture on the Modifieds and the racing has often broken 20 official lead changes for 100-125 laps of competition. Rusty Wallace tested a car at Talladega Superspeedway without a restrictor plate in 2004, reaching a top speed of in the backstretch and a one-lap average of . While admitting excitement at the achievement, Wallace also conceded, "There's no way we could be out there racing at those speeds. it would be insane to think we could have a pack of cars out there doing that." In 2016, following a series of uncompetitive races at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, NASCAR began a series of tests for the Xfinity Series using a smaller restrictor plate than used at Daytona and Talladega and aerodynamic aids. After the tests were successful, the rules package was imposed for the 2017 race at Indianapolis. For 2018, the package is being used at Indianapolis, Michigan, and Pocono for the Xfinity Series and in the All-Star Race in the Cup Series. The competitive quality of restrictor plate racing. A frequent criticism of restrictor plates is the enormous size of packs in the racing, with "Big One" wrecks as noted above singled out for condemnation despite the greater violence of "smaller" crashes on unrestricted tracks. In restrictor plate racing the packs have brought about an often-enormous increase in positional passing; at Talladega Superspeedway the Sprint Cup cars have broken 40 official lead changes sixteen times from 1988 onward, including both 2010 Sprint Cup races at Talladega, which had 87 official lead changes in the regulation 188 laps. (The 2010 Aaron's 499 had 88 lead changes, but the 88th - the race-winning pass by Kevin Harvick - was on the last lap of the third attempt at a green-white-checkered finish). Daytona International Speedway has generally been less competitive because the age of the asphalt (the track was repaved in 1978 and again in 2010) has reduced grip for the cars and thus handling has impeded passing ability to a significant extent. The 2000 New Hampshire race was condemned because Jeff Burton led wire to wire; the plates were singled out as impeding the ability to pass, a criticism contradicted by the use of restrictor plates in a Busch North support race the day before where the lead changed seven times in 100 laps and by the highly competitive nature of restrictor plated Modified races; as noted above the 300 also saw a 23-car battle for third in the first ten laps and a burst by 22 cars from John Andretti. The criticism stems from the reduction in throttle response brought by the restriction. The reduction in throttle response, however, has never been shown to have impeded the ability to pass; the criticism was shot down in the first "modern" plate race, the 1988 Daytona 500, as the lead changed 25 times officially and saw several bursts where the lead changed several times a lap and also several bursts of sustained side-by-side racing, notably in the final 50 laps between Bobby Allison, Darrell Waltrip, Neil Bonnett, and Buddy Baker. Said Waltrip before the race, "I feel, as a driver, now I can do more than I could before (the plates). Now, instead of a car just blasting by me with a burst of speed and a lot of horsepower, he's got to think his way, he got to "drive" his way around me." In the transitional years (1971-74) where the seven-liter engines (427 cu in) had restrictor plates, Daytona and Talladega broke 40 official lead changes six times, while Michigan International Speedway broke 35 official lead changes in both of its 1971 races. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003512 Operation Hyacinth (film) Operation Hyacinth is a 2021 Polish film directed by Piotr Domalewski, written by Marcin Ciaston and starring Tomasz Zietek, Hubert Milkowski and Marek Kalita. The drama is based on the Operation Hyacinth (Polish: "Akcja "Hiacynt""), which was a secret mass operation of the Polish communist police, carried out in the years 1985-87. Its purpose was to create a national database of all Polish homosexuals and people who were in touch with them. The film was well received by critics. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003537 Civil Liability (Contribution) Act 1978 The Civil Liability (Contribution) Act 1978 (c 47) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The Act repealed the relevant common law and made new provision for contribution between persons who are jointly or severally, or both jointly and severally, liable for the same damage and in certain other similar cases where two or more persons have paid or may be required to pay compensation for the same damage; and to amend the law relating to proceedings against persons jointly liable for the same debt or jointly or severally, or both jointly and severally, liable for the same damage. The core principle of the Act is set out in section 1(1): Subject to the following provisions . any person liable in respect of any damage suffered by another person may recover contribution from any other person liable in respect of the same damage (whether jointly with him or otherwise). The Act applies to England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Interpretation. In it was held that "contribution" is not limited to a contribution in respect of damages. In "Rahman v Arearose Ltd" [2001] QB 351 it was held that the "same damage" meant the kind of indivisible injury as arises under common law in a case of concurrent torts. This was affirmed in . In the court held that the Act has extra-territorial effect, and that it would applied English contribution claims to torts that were otherwise governed by foreign laws. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003569 Pedro Gonzalez Bueno Pedro Gonzalez-Bueno y Bocos (12 January 1896 - 30 January 1985), most commonly known as Pedro Gonzalez Bueno, was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Trade Union Organization and Action of Spain between 1938 and 1939, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003571 La Gitane (Ma tete tourne.) "La Gitane", also titled "La Gitane (Ma tete tourne.)" as on the second edition of the single cover, is a 1987 pop song recorded by French singer and songwriter Felix Gray. Written and composed by Gray, it was his debut single and was released in February 1988. It achieved success in France where it reached number three. The song has Spanish sounds. Its original title "La Gitane" was changed to "La Gitane (Ma tete tourne.)" after a massive airplay in order to identify easier the song (the words ""Ma tete tourne." are said in the chorus, while "La Gitane"" is never mentioned in the song). In 2016, the song was included on Gray's best of compilation "14 Succes", on which it appears as the fifth track. Chart performance. In France, "La Gitane (Ma tete tourne.)" debuted at number 42 on the chart edition of 27 February 1988, entered the top ten in its sixth week and remained there for 13 weeks; it reached number three for a sole week, in its 11th week, and fell off the top 50 straight from number 27 after 21 weeks of presence. It earned a Silver disc, awarded by the Syndicat National de l'Edition Phonographique. On the European Hot 100 Singles, it started at number 94 on 19 March 1988 and reached a peak of number eight in its tenth week, and remained on the chart for a total of 20 weeks, nine of them in the top 20. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003578 Zygmunt Ochmanski Zygmunt Ochmanski (2 October 1922 - 10 June 2003) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1949. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003587 Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County 7th constituency (1990-2011) The Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County constituency no. 7 () was one of the single member constituencies of the National Assembly, the national legislature of Hungary. The district was established in 1990, when the National Assembly was re-established with the end of the communist dictatorship. It was abolished in 2011. Members. The constituency was first represented by Lajos Szabo of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) from 1990 to 1994. In the 1994 election, Sandor Buzas of Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) was elected representative. In 1998 elelction Imre Herbaly was elected of the MSZP and served until 2010. In 2010 election followed by Andor Fejer of Fidesz. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003594 Wladyslaw Olearczyk Wladyslaw Olearczyk (8 June 1898 - 21 February 1970) was a Polish footballer. He played in four matches for the Poland national football team from 1923 to 1925. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003614 Lechoslaw Olsza Lechoslaw "Ola" Olsza (born 28 February 1949) is a Polish former footballer playing as a midfielder and manager. He is primarily associated with two Upper Silesian football clubs; GKS Katowice and GKS Tychy. Playing career. Club. He brought to GKS Katowice from Zryw Chorzow by Jerzy Nikiel, debuting in a 1-0 win against Stal Rzeszow. In 1971 he was part of the squad that upset FC Barcelona at Camp Nou in 2-0 win. His greatest successes came with GKS Tychy however, winning the vice-championship in 1976, in what was the golden era for the club; this success earned him a call-up to the national team. In 1979 he spent a year with the then Third Division side Rozwoj Katowice before emigrating to Austria for 4 years, playing alongside other Poles such as Jozef Kwiatkowski and Jozef Kurzeja. International. He played in the 1972 UEFA European Under-23 Championship in a Group 8 match, coming on a substitute against Albania in a 2-1 win on 12 May 1971. He played in two matches for the Poland senior national team in 1976, making his debut against Greece. Managerial career. In between various non-footballing activities and multiple emigrations from Poland, over the years he has had various roles at GKS Katowice, ranging from first team coach, second coach, assistant manager, manager, director of football, kit man, manual labourer, and stoker. Personal life. He comes from a sporting family; his father Jozef played for Ruch Chorzow, his uncle Kazimierz Pietranek for Stal Sosnowiec. Lechoslaw's daughter Aleksandra is a former Wimbledon Junior Girls title holder, his wife Barbara a 29-time national tennis champion, and his son a professional sports coach with a doctorate in sports science. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003622 Ballinadee Church Ballinadee Church is a small Gothic Revival Anglican church located in Ballinadee, County Cork, Ireland. It was completed in 1759. It is part of the Bandon Union of Parishes, in the Diocese of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross. History. The church was originally built in 1759. The tower was added around 1837. Around this time, the church was also rebuilt. Ballinadee Church is one of five constituent churches of the Bandon Union of Parishes, of which Denis MacCarthy is the Canon. Architecture. The church building consists of a three-bay nave with a single-bay transept and a three-stage bell tower. The north transept was added by Henry Hill in 1869. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003629 Sarkin Madinawa Malamai Sarkin Madinawa Malamai is the official noble position of Islamic religious leadership held by the Banu Gha, Madinawa Malamai at Kadawa, Warawa.The holder of the position performs the duties of Shaykh al-Islam and advise the Kano Emirate Council on Islamic matters. History. Imam Ghali was the first person to hold the title, he participated actively in the establishment of the Islamic religion in Kano Emirate, some of his descendants claimed that he was a Sharifian and traced his descent from Prophet Muhammad, they claimed he descents from the Banu Hashim of the Quraysh Arabs, through the Sharifain royal Alaouite dynasty of Sharif ibn Ali and the Islamic prophet Muhammad, his descendants identify themselves as Fulani, Hausa, Hausa-Fulani Arabs or Hausa-Fulani depending on their cultural assimilation, they are called Madinawa Malamai in reference to Medina, the city they claim to originate from, the claim of descent from the Arab tribe and the prophet is common in scholarly lineages throughout Northern Nigeria and the Sahara. He was the Sarkin Madinawa and was appointed an Imam at Kadawa, Warawa by the Kano Emirate Council, during his tenure as an imam he advanced the acceptance of the Maliki School of thought in the Emirate by influencing later scholars to use the principles of the Maliki school of thought instead of the other Islamic school of thoughts, the Maliki school is one of the four major madhhabs of Islamic jurisprudence within Sunni Islam. It was founded by Malik ibn Anas in the 8th century. The Maliki school of jurisprudence relies on the Quran and hadiths as primary sources. Unlike other Islamic fiqhs, Maliki fiqh also considers the consensus of the people of Medina to be a valid source of Islamic law, the Maliki madhhab is one of the largest groups of Sunni Muslims, comparable to the Shafi`i madhhab in adherents, but smaller than the Hanafi madhhab. Sharia based on Maliki doctrine is predominantly found in North Africa (excluding northern and eastern Egypt), West Africa, Chad, Sudan, Kuwait, Bahrain, the Emirate of Dubai (UAE), and in northeastern parts of Saudi Arabia.Historical accounts report that he practiced zuhd asceticism. In the Kano Emirate he was regarded by some people as a Saint (Waliyi), he was buried at Kadawa, there is no record of the date of his death in the history books of the Emirate. Imam Ghali held the opinion that Muslims must believe in the Five pillars of Islam, in all the Prophets of Islam from Adam to Prophet Muhammad and in angels, he also held the beliefs about Allah's attributes that are unique such as existence, permanence without beginning, endurance without end, absoluteness and independence, dissimilarity to created things, Oneness, Allah is all powerful, willful, knowing, living, seeing, hearing and speaking (signifying attributes), his descendants and followers are presently divided into the Izala, Qadiriya and Tijaniya with the Tijjaniya taking the majority among his descendants while a few are sectless. One of the Imams of Kadawa Mosque, Warawa Local Government Sheikh Usaini Umar (Malam Bala) is his descendant. His dynasty was influential in the Kano Emirate after the Kano Civil War which saw the emergence of Aliyu Babba as the Emir of KanoThe dynasty he established has produced numerous imams, islamic theologians, traditional title holders, bureaucrats and politicians in the Sokoto Caliphate, In Kano Emirate his descendants are referred to as Awliya Madinawa Malamai by some people, in reference to the city of Medina where they claimed to have originated from, situated in Western Saudi Arabia and most of their ancestors being saints.His descendants who are descent of the Jobawa clan on the maternal side are entitled to be appointed as Makaman Kano, due to the precedence established during the reign of Sarkin Kano Aliyu Babba, who appointed Sarkin Takai Umaru Dan Maisaje as Makaman Kano, whose link with the Jobawa is through his father's mother Habiba, the sister of Malam Bakatsine, the traditional requisite of agnatic descent was not considered in the appointment leading to the establishment of a precedence for the descendants of the Jobawa with paternal or maternal links to aspire to be appointed as Makaman Kano. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003631 Jozef Oprych Jozef Oprych (18 February 1923 - 3 December 2006) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1948. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003650 Pawel Orzechowski Pawel Orzechowski (15 December 1941 - 17 November 2016) was a Polish footballer. He played in four matches for the Poland national football team from 1964 to 1966. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003668 Jerzy Otfinowski Jerzy Otfinowski (25 September 1907 - 4 October 2000) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1932. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003694 Joaquin Benjumea Joaquin Benjumea y Burin (17 January 1878 - 30 December 1963) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Agriculture and acting Minister of Labour of Spain between 1939 and 1941 and as Minister of Finance between 1941 and 1951, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003701 Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County 8th constituency (1990-2011) The Jasz-Nagykun-Szolnok County constituency no. 8 () was one of the single member constituencies of the National Assembly, the national legislature of Hungary. The district was established in 1990, when the National Assembly was re-established with the end of the communist dictatorship. It was abolished in 2011. Members. The constituency was first represented by Janos Szabo of the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF) from 1990 to 1994. In the 1994 election, Janos Kasuba of Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP) was elected representative. In 1998 elelction Mihaly Varga was elected of the Fidesz and served until 2014. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003706 Khu Fang Nuea Khu Fang Nuea (, ) is a "khwaeng" (subdistrict) of Nong Chok District, in Bangkok, Thailand. In 2020, it had a total population of 17,927 people. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003716 Anita Grunder Anita Lizzie Grunder is geologist known for her research on volcanic rocks and defining changes in volcanism over geologic eras. She is an elected fellow of the Geological Society of America. Education and career. Grunder has an A.B. in paleontology from the University of California, Berkeley (1977), and subsequently worked as a field assistant at UC Berkeley, the University of California, Los Angeles, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and the United States Geological Survey. She went to Stanford University for graduate school where she described her position as an "adventure" in a 1983 magazine article. She graduated in 1986 with a thesis project working on the geology of the southern Andes. Grunder moved to Oregon in 1986, ultimately becoming a professor and an associate dean. As of 2019, Grunder is professor emeritus at Oregon State. Research. Grunder is a field geologist who has worked on volcanoes and volcanic rocks in a variety of locations including Nevada, Oregon, and the Aucanquilcha region in Chile. Her early research was on the volcanic rocks and hydrothermal system at Calabozos crater in the Chilean Andes. She uses oxygen-18 isotopes in different types of rocks to reveal changes in magmatic activity over millions of years. In 2005, Grunder co-edited a collection of articles on welding processes in volcanic systems, and contributed an article on welded pyroclastic deposits from Oregon. In Hawaii, she worked on the sulfur dioxide released by the Kilauea volcano and collaborated with a graduate student working in public health, Bernadette Longo, to reveal increased health issues for people living downwind of the volcano. In 2020 she examined the geology of the volcanic material in the area surrounding Steens Mountain in southeastern Oregon. One of her students described her skills at explaining volcanic processes and noted that she is adept at making geology interesting to a range of people, both inside and outside academia. Awards and honors. In 2009, Grunder was named the Association for Women Geoscientists' Outstanding Educator. Her paper on volcanism and gold deposits in hydrothermal material at Yanacocha, Peru won the 2010 Brian J. Skinner award from Society of Economic Geologists. She is also an elected fellow of the Geological Society of America. Personal life. During a 2009 interview, Grunder noted her first job involved welding band saw blades because her lack of typing skills kept her from receiving a spot as a secretary. She is married to John Dilles, a geosciences professor in Oregon and has three children, and in 1989 she discussed a job sharing arrangement she and her husband made upon moving to Oregon State. Grunder volunteers in Oregon with the Independent Community Club, and one of their activities is the restoration of an old schoolhouse in Albany, Oregon that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013. in 2008, she led the effort to found the Muddy Creek Charter School in Oregon. Her outside sculpture piece "Excess Baggage" developed collectively by Warren Lisser, Susie Lisser and Grunder was presented at Burning Man in 2013. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003721 Lam Phak Chi Lam Phak Chi (, ) is a "khwaeng" (subdistrict) of Nong Chok District, in Bangkok, Thailand. In 2020, it had a total population of 31,810 people. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003731 Ryedale Roman Bronzes The Ryedale Roman Bronzes (also known as the Ryedale Roman hoard) is an assemblage of Roman metalwork. Discovery. The assemblage was found by metal detectorists James Spark and Mark Didlick in a field near Ampleforth in Ryedale, North Yorkshire, in May 2020. Contents and significance. The assemblage comprises four pieces of metalwork, all of which are copper-alloys. They are: 1) a plumb bob, 2) a horse and rider figurine, 3) a figural horse head with an iron shank (probably a key), and 4) a figural bust (a sceptre head). The sceptre head is in the shape of an Emperor, probably Marcus Aurelius, and so dates to the late 2nd-century AD. In the Portable Antiquities Scheme record Dr John Pearce commented that the assemblage probably derived from a ritual context. Dr Andrew Woods, senior curator at the Yorkshire Museum, has described the find as being of "national significance and great rarity." Acquisition and public display. The assemblage comprised non-precious metals so did not qualify as treasure under the terms of the Treasure Act 1996. It was placed on public display at Hansons Auctioneers in London on 28th April 2021. It was originally valued at between PS70,000 and PS90,000. In May 2021 it was sold in the private auction for PS185,000. The Yorkshire Museum purchased the assemblage from David Aaron Ltd, who had originally bought it, with financial support from a private donor Richard Beleson and the Art Fund. They were displayed at the Frieze Art Fair in London from 13 to 17 October 2021 before being added to the Yorkshire Museum's collection. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003740 Salvador Moreno Salvador Moreno Fernandez (14 October 1886 - 2 May 1966) was a Spanish admiral who served as Minister of the Navy of Spain between 1939 and 1945 and between 1951 and 1957, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003741 Nicolas Bergeron Nicolas Bergeron is a French mathematician born on 19 December 1975, who works in Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris. He is the managing editor of the journal Publications Mathematiques de l'IHES. Early Career. Bergeron obtained his Ph.D. at Ecole normale superieure de Lyon in the year 2000 under the supervision of Jean-Pierre Otal. His thesis was titled "Cycles geodesiques dans les varietes hyperboliques" ("geodesic cycles in hyperbolic varieties"). Work. Bergeron's main interests are concerned with the geometry and topology of locally symmetric spaces and arithmetic groups, as well as their cohomology. Some of his publications show an interest in Oulipo, referencing An Attempt at Exhausting a Place in Paris by Georges Perec. He has also written a (non-mathematical) article about Jacques Roubaud. He is currently the editor-in-chief of the journal Publications Mathematiques de l'IHES. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003744 Laguna Larga Laguna Larga is a town and municipality in the Impira District of the Rio Segundo Department, Cordoba Province, Argentina, from the provincial capital, Cordoba. It is beside National Route 9, from the Rosario-Cordoba Highway and from the RP 10, which connects with National Route 158 of Mercosur. Its urban plant is in size, in a checkerboard pattern with a service street that divides it into two smaller blocks, with 225 blocks. National Route 9, parallel to the Nuevo Central Argentino (NCA) railroad tracks, divides the town into north and south sectors. The north has more economic activity, while the south is basically residential. Sportspeople such as Paulo Dybala and Thiago Prieto Acosta were born in Laguna Larga. Geography. Laguna Larga is in the western part of the Rio Segundo Department, in Cordoba Province, Argentina. It is bordered on the north by Costa Sacate, on the east by Impira, on the west by Lagunilla and Pilar, and on the south by Manfredi. Population. It has 7437 inhabitants (INDEC, 2010), which represents an increase of 4.2% compared to the 7237 inhabitants (Indec, 2001) of the previous census. Landscape features. Laguna Larga is located in the region of the "Domain of the Eastern Plains" with very low slope (2 to 3 per thousand) from east to east-northeast, with altitudes of above sea level (west) to above sea level (east). The land's limitations for human use include water deficiency and salinity, alkalinity and waterlogging in the eastern depression. Seismicity. The seismicity of the Cordoba region is frequent and of low intensity, with a seismic silence of medium to severe earthquakes every 30 years in random areas. Flora. Laguna Larga is located in the "spinal domain", with growth on the mountains of "Prosopis alba" (white carob tree) and "Prosopis nigra" (black carob tree), along with "Ziziphus mistol" and "Prosopis kuntzei" (itin), "Geoffroea decorticans" (chanar), "Celtis ehrenbergiana" (desert hackberry) and "Vachellia aroma" (tusca). Climate. The region is located within the semi-dry continental temperate climate with sub-humid tendency and to of annual water deficit. It has warm summers and cold, but not harsh, winters. There is a predominance of winds from the northeast. In winter the winds from the south are more frequent. The average wind speed is . Hydrography. Laguna Larga is in the "Endorheic Basin of Mar Chiquita", on the northern slope of the watersheds of the Mar Chiquita basins and the Carcarana River system. The small slope and scarce percolation of the water favor flooding and the presence of lagoons and ravines. History. Laguna Larga was founded in 1869, but there are earlier references to it in history. A famous event was the battle between unitarians and federals on February 25, 1830, when forces of General Jose Maria Paz and Juan Facundo Quiroga clashed in the vicinity of the Cachicoya Lagoon, on the territory of the current town of Laguna Larga, better known since the twentieth century as the Battle of Oncativo. At the end of the 19th century the parish, school and cemetery were organized. 1958: Secondary school. 1960: The town reaches a population of 3,627. 1993: The town is connected to natural gas service. Infrastructure and services. Drinking water. Drinking water service is provided by the Cooperativa Electrica de Laguna Larga Ltda. (Laguna Larga Electric Cooperative Ltd.). The source is the water table. There are a storage tank and two pumps. Electricity. The urban and rural electricity service is provided by the Cooperativa Electrica de Laguna Larga Ltda. through the Provincial Interconnected Service (SIP) of EPEC (Empresa Provincial de Energia de Cordoba). Natural gas. The natural gas service by networks is provided by the Cooperativa Electrica de Laguna Larga Ltda. It acts as a sub-distributor. The gas comes from the gas pipeline network dependent on the distribution and transport companies. Lighting, sweeping and cleaning. These services are provided directly by the Municipality. Internet. The Cooperativa Electrica de Laguna Larga Ltda., two private companies from Laguna Larga and another from Pilar provide wireless Internet service. Telecom Argentina provides broadband Internet service, via ADSL. Sewers. The sewer project for Laguna Larga has been presented before the Provincial Directorate of Water and Sanitation (DIPAS). In the first half of 2010, the execution of the first stage of this project began, funded by ENHOSA. Broadcasting. Laguna Larga has five radio stations and one television channel, including FM Laguna Larga 104, FM Clara 105.3, FM Mediterranea 95.3 MHz. Radio Cyclos 89.7 and Canal Centro. Tourism. Laguna Larga has various celebrations and activities. Provincial Rally. The annual "Laguna Larga Rally" road race is held in August or September. The competition takes place on the fast and flat roads of the rural area of Laguna Larga. AgroCordoba - ExpoCordoba. The town formerly invited the whole country to visit for the "Muestra Agropecuaria AgroCordoba" (AgroCordoba Agricultural Exhibition). The last edition was in 2010. Patronal festival. The patronal festival of Our Lady of the Rosary is held on the first Sunday of October. Anniversary of the Foundation. On November 30 the Foundation of Laguna Larga is celebrated. During the month of November, events are held as part of a program of activities to celebrate the anniversary. Fiesta Zonal del Trigo. In January the traditional "Wheat Festival in Laguna Larga" is revived, organized by the Club Sportivo Laguna Larga, electing the Zonal Queen who represents the region in the "Fiesta Nacional del Trigo" (National Wheat Festival) in the city of Leones. Carnivals. In 1967, on the initiative of Mr. Nestor Paulucci, the first Carnival commission was formed, which organized the first carnival in early 1968. In 1984, with the presidency of Mr. Roberto Boldu, a record for attendance was broken with 7000 people. The proceeds of one of the nights were subsequently given to the governor of the province to be used for charitable purposes. Until 1980 the carnival was organized exclusively by the club, but in 1985 the journalist Denis Negro ventured into the commercial management of the carnival. With the passage of time, the great carnivals of Laguna Larga took on great significance; stations such as LV2 broadcast them live and great artistic figures passed through the streets of Laguna Larga on carnival dates. All this led to the Superior Government of the Province of Cordoba together with the Council of Education and Culture, on February 22, 1985, by decree No. 701 declaring the carnival of provincial interest. In 2008, the Provincial Carnivals of Laguna Larga reached their 40th edition. Museo Cachicoya (former Museo Polifacetico Regional Vottero). In 1986, 5-year-old Emanuel Vottero found the skull of a bird on the banks of the Los Molinos Dam. From that moment on, he began to collect simple objects: stones, bones and some ancient objects. His first historical piece was a camera from 1908 given to him by one of his grandparents. Time passed and his family realized that his hobby was serious. They began to support it and his collection of worthless objects began to incorporate objects of historical value. Years later, on 19 November 1995, and with the presence of many members of the public and authorities of the Secretariat of Heritage of the province, the "Museo Polifacetico Regional Vottero" (Vottero Regional Multifaceted Museum) was inaugurated. It had two floors and 10 thematic sections. Over time the Museum grew and began to occupy more space. Thanks to efforts, it was possible to move to the Railway Station, where the Museum was officially re-inaugurated in November 2004. Visits by schools and the general public were common. Admission was always free, reaching the whole community, even the smallest. Each piece tells a story and most of them are intimately related to the life and presence of local personalities, institutions and events that marked the city's course. In 2014, the museum, due to a very serious building problem caused by the rupture of a water pipe in the courtyard, cracked and its structure was severely damaged. The museum closed for repairs but suffered vandalism and theft. At the beginning of 2019, it was decided to set up a commission, to work collaboratively with the aim of reopening the Museum and, at the same time, carrying out cultural activities at different times of the year. On 30 November 2019, the reopening of the renovated Cachicoya Museum took place, an event planned as the central piece of the celebration of Laguna Larga's sesquicentennial. In addition to the inauguration of the Museum, there was a display of old cars and motorcycles, a literary gathering, artisan stalls and performances by two rock bands: Outsiders and Jalfawer. The museum continues to organize cultural events and workshops, with the doors of the museum open with free admission. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003749 Krathum Rai, Bangkok Krathum Rai (, ) is a "khwaeng" (subdistrict) of Nong Chok District, in Bangkok, Thailand. In 2020, it had a total population of 40,146 people. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003751 Ulrik Rath Ulrik Rath (born 25 December 1946), is a Danish chess FIDE Master (FM), Danish Chess Championship winner (1974), North Sea Cup winner (1975). Biography. In the mid-1970s Rath was one of the leading Danish chess players. He participated many times in the finals of Danish Chess Championships and won gold medal in 1974. In 1975, Rath won 1st North Sea Cup Chess tournament. In 1976, he won International Chess tournament in Aarhus. Rath played for Denmark in the Chess Olympiads: Rath played for Denmark in the European Team Chess Championship preliminaries: Rath played for Denmark in the Clare Benedict Cup: Rath played for Denmark in the Nordic Chess Cup: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003752 Athletics at the 2019 European Games - Mixed 4 x 400 metres relay The mixed 4 x 400 metres relay event at the 2019 European Games in Minsk took place on 23 June. The winners in this discipline were determined during the qualifications for Dynamic New Athletics. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003779 Francisco Regalado Francisco Regalado Rodriguez (1 May 1881 - 2 May 1966) was a Spanish admiral who served as Minister of the Navy of Spain between 1945 and 1951, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003798 Stephania tuberosa Stephania tuberosa is a plant in the family Menispermaceae which is endemic to Queensland. It grows as a vine with a stem diameter of up to and produces a distinctive large tuber on the ground which can be up to diameter. Conservation. This species is listed by the Queensland Department of Environment and Science as least concern. , it has not been assessed by the IUCN. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003813 Khlong Ton Sai Khlong Ton Sai (, ) is a "khwaeng" (subdistrict) of Khlong San District, in Bangkok, Thailand. In 2020, it had a total population of 18,704 people. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003821 Felipe Jose Abarzuza Felipe Jose Abarzuza y Oliva (24 May 1896 - 27 August 1970) was a Spanish admiral who served as Minister of the Navy of Spain between 1957 and 1962, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003828 Nagaland Medical College Nagaland Medical College is a medical college currently under construction in Phriebagie, Kohima, Nagaland. It will be the first Medical College in the Indian state of Nagaland and is expected to begin its academic session from 2022 onwards. History. The foundation for Nagaland Medical College was laid by the Chief Minister of Nagaland Neiphiu Rio in 2014 The sanctioned amount was received in 2015 but construction could not take off due to land issue. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003831 Norman Ernest Archer Norman Ernest Archer C.M.G., O.B.E. (27 August 1892 - 15 February 1970) was a British naval officer and diplomat. Archer was one of two Royal Navy officers stationed with the Russian Black Sea Fleet during the naval conflict in the Black Sea in 1914-1917. After the war, Archer pursued a diplomatic career, including postings in Ottawa and Dublin. He served as Principal Private Secretary to Anthony Eden as Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs from 1939 to 1940. Life and career. Early life and education. Norman Ernest Archer was born on 27 August 1892 in Stavanger Norway, the son of Alice Lima Murray and Walter Archer C.B., Assistant Secretary of the British government's Board of Agriculture and Fisheries. Walter Archer was recruited in 1912 with the code name "Sage" by the Secret Intelligence Service's first director Mansfield Smith-Cumming to spy on German ships in Norwegian and Danish waters. Norman Archer passed the Royal Naval College, Osborne's qualifying examinations in December 1904 to enter the College on the Isle of Wight in January 1905. Career. Archer served in the Royal Navy between 1908 and 1921, gaining the rank of Lieutenant-Commander. As a young naval officer Archer served with the Russian fleet during the First World War. Archer spent most of his tour of duty in Sevastopol, the Black Sea Fleet's main base, but he was present when the Russians captured Trebizond from the Turks in 1916. According to historian Toby Ewin, "Archer both advised the Russians about British torpedo practice, and informed the British Admiralty about what the Russians were doing." Archer entered the Dominions Office as part of the post-war reconstruction stream. Between 1932-1936, he served as the Official Secretary to the British High Commission, Ottawa. From 1939 to 1940, Archer served as Principal Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs Anthony Eden and helped Eden with the relevant section of his memoirs. Archer later served as Assistant Secretary to the Dominions Office, 1941-1944, and Assistant Under-Secretary for Commonwealth Relations, 1948-1949. In 1948, as part of the British Representative's Office in Dublin, Archer was involved in attempts to ensure that Irish citizens in India were covered in the absence of diplomatic representation. Archer was Principal Secretary to the United Kingdom Representative to Eire John Maffey's Office for two periods between 1941 and 1948. In "Spying on Ireland: British Intelligence and Irish Neutrality During the Second World War", Eunan O'Halpin writes: "MI5's dealings with Ireland were mediated through Maffey's office, where they were handled by the principal secretary Norman Archer (for two periods between 1941 and 1948). In addition to extensive dominions and colonial experience, Archer had been a career naval officer [.] consequently had direct knowledge of military affairs as well as civil administration." Archer was appointed Officer, Order of the British Empire (O.B.E.) and Companion, Order of St. Michael and St. George (C.M.G.). He retired to Norway and died on 15 February 1970 in Lambeth, Surrey, at the age of 77. He is buried in Sand, Rogaland, Norway. Personal Life. Archer married Hon. Ruth Evelyn Pease (1900-1982), daughter of Herbert Pike Pease, 1st Baron Daryngton and Alice Mortimer Luckock, on 30 June 1925. They had two children: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003837 Giordano Ruffo Giordano Ruffo or Jordanus Ruffus ( fl. 1200-1256) was an Italian nobleman known for one of the oldest works in veterinary medicine dealing with the horse and its diseases "De Medicina Equorum". Ruffo was born in Calabria around 1200 in a noble family serving Frederick II. An uncle was Pietro Ruffo, Count of Catanszaro. Shortly before the death of Frederick II, Ruffo, his brother Folco, and Pietro were called to sign a testament. Ruffo was made lord of Val di Crati in 1239 but after the death of Frederick II in 1250 they had to choose allegiance between two possible rulers and they chose Conrad IV and were against Manfredi, son of the Emperor and Bianca Lancia. The death of Conrad IV in 1254 led to the arrest of the Ruffo family and he was tortured, blinded, and died in prison around February 1256. Ruffo's single book was written in Latin and is considered as one of the earliest works on veterinary medicine. The book had six parts covering reproduction; training of foals; maintenance; qualities and defects; diseases; and treatments. There are about 173 manuscript copies known of the work and about 16 print versions translated into Italian, Latin, French, German, Catalan, Galician, Occitan and Hebrew. The best known edition is "Jordani Ruffi Calabriensis Hippiatria" (Padua, 1818). Several later derivatives editions exist including "Mulomedicina" (or "Medela equorum" ) by Teodorico Borgognoni (late 13th century); "Marescalcia" by Dino Dini, "Traite d'hippiatrie" by Guillaume de Villiers (15th century); and "Manuschansia" by Agostino Columbre (1490). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003845 Gert Iskov Gert Iskov (born 28 July 1948), is a Danish chess International Master (IM) (1979), Danish Chess Championship winner (1975). Biography. From the begin of 1970s to the begin of 1980s Iskov was one of the leading Danish chess players. He participated many times in the finals of Danish Chess Championships and won gold medal in 1975. Gert Iskov was participant of a number of international chess tournaments, including the tournaments in Olot (1974), Dortmund (1976), as well as the Rilton Cup, North Sea Cups and the traditional Copenhagen Politiken Cup tournaments (her best result: shared 2nd-5th place in 1982). In 1975 he lost the match to Danish chess grandmaster Bent Larsen with 0,5:5,5. Iskov played for Denmark in the Chess Olympiad: He played for Denmark in the European Team Chess Championship preliminaries: Iskov played for Denmark in the Clare Benedict Cup: He played for Denmark in the Nordic Chess Cups: In 1979, Iskov was awarded the FIDE International Master (IM) title. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003854 Korablik Island (Novosibirsk) Korablik () is an island in the Ob River in Pervomaysky District of Novosibirsk, Russia. The Komsomolsky Railway Bridge passes over the island. Tourism. The Korablik is used for outdoor recreation. A passenger motor ship goes from the Novosibirsk River Station to the island. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003855 Jose Lorente Sanz Jose Luis Lorente Sanz (1902 - 2001) was a Spanish politician who served as acting Minister of Governance of Spain replacing outgoing minister Ramon Serrano Suner between 1940 and 1941, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003863 Battle of Vertes The Battle of Vertes (Hungarian: "vertesi csata"), was a conflict that broke out in 1051, when the Emperor Henry III tried to invade Hungary and was defeated by King Andrew I of Hungary and Duke Bela of Hungary. Background. After the death of King Saint Stephen I of Hungary in 1038, a series of succession conflicts arose in the kingdom, until King Andrew I secured power in 1046. After the death of the Emperor Saint Henry II, his successor, Emperor Conrad II, a member of another dynasty, tried to take Hungary as a vassal kingdom. His son, Emperor Henry III, also continued this same policy, and thus attacked the Kingdom of Hungary in 1051. Andrew I was prepared that in time Henry III would want revenge for his previously lost estate. Andrew persuaded his brother, Bela, to return from Poland to Hungary in 1048, and made Prince Bela the commander-in-chief of the Hungarian armies, who had extensive political and military experience. He also granted his brother one third of the kingdom with the title of duke, also meant a high degree of independence for Bela. Skirmishes on the frontier between Hungary and the Holy Roman Empire first occurred in 1050. Emperor Henry III invaded Hungary in August 1051. Battle. The German army approached the Hungarians from two directions. One of the teams crossed the Vag River and penetrated until the Nitra River. Bypassing the western border gate (Bufferzone (Hungarian: "gyepu") of Moson-Sopron), Henry III broke into Transdanubia from Styria. The other army was led by Bishop Gebhard of Regensburg, this corps secured the Danube River and on which the supply was transported to the army. The German troops sought the battle, but the Hungarians used the scorched earth tactics against the imperial troops, just as Stephen did in 1030 against Conrad II. The population was evacuated from the German army, food was taken away or destroyed. Despite this, the Germans reached Vertes Hills and, according to some sources Szekesfehervar. However, Duke Bela directed his armies into the backs of the Germans to strengthen the part between Zala River and Raba River, as well as the bufferzones of Moson. The Germans were starving because they found no food and their supply was hampered. The German army were constantly accompanied by the Hungarians and minor clashes were almost in every day. The Hungarian horse archers struck the guards at night, wandered between the marching troops and disappeared after firing an arrow or two. It was then that the German decided, leaving the Vertes Hills, to turn north to the ships carrying the supplies. But the ships were no longer there, because Duke Bela captured one of their couriers and sent a letter to the bishop on behalf of the Germans stating that the campaign was over and return to Regensburg. According to a legend documented in medieval Hungarian chronicles, the Vertes mountains were named after this incident: during the unsuccessful campaign of 1051-1052, the withdrawing German troops of Henry III, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, scattered their armours to ease their escape through the mountains, hence the name Vertes ("vert:" Hungarian word for armor). Aftermath. After this defeat, the German armies were repelled by Andrew I of Hungary in the Battle of Pozsony in 1052, definitively ending Henry III's claims on Hungary. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003881 Jose Larraz Lopez Jose Larraz Lopez (27 April 1904 - 17 November 1973) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Finance of Spain between 1939 and 1941, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003892 Sarakhs Special Economic Zone Sarakhs Special Economic Zone is one of the 34 special economic zones in Iran, which is located in Razavi Khorasan province. The main focus in these areas is on simplifying business processes. For this reason, these areas have freer exchange rules, various exemptions from tariffs and customs duties, and simpler exchange methods than the mainland. The activity of this special economic zone started on May 13, 1996, at the same time with the opening of the Mashhad-Sarakhs-Tajan railway with the presence of leaders and representatives of more than 100 countries. Special economic zones are specific geographical areas at the entry and exit points of the country. These areas have been created in order to attract foreign and domestic capital as well as to create a suitable platform for industrial, manufacturing and commercial activities with the aim of increasing the export of goods and providing desirable services for active presence in regional and international markets. Location. This region is located in the northeastern tip of Iran in Razavi Khorasan province, 150 km east of the holy city of Mashhad and 15 km from the city of Sarakhs, and borders Turkmenistan to the north and east. (Length 61.10 East and Latitude 36.32 North with an altitude of 235 meters above sea level) Management. On September 29, 2021, Mohammad Reza Kalaei, the former mayor of Mashhad, was introduced as the new managing director of the Sarakhs Special Economic Zone. Advantage. The possibility of connecting to the zero point of the border with Turkmenistan and connecting to the Mashhad-Sarakhs-Tajan railway, which passes through the special zone and connects the railways of Central Asian countries with European countries, is one of the advantages of this special economic zone. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003910 Foreign relations of Yugoslavia Foreign relations of Yugoslavia were international relations of the interwar Kingdom of Yugoslavia and the Cold War Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. The Kingdom of Yugoslavia, ruled by the Serbian Karadordevic dynasty, was formed in 1918 by the merger of the provisional State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (itself formed from territories of the former Austria-Hungary, encompassing Bosnia and Herzegovina and most of Croatia and Slovenia) and Banat, Backa and Baranja (that had been part of the Kingdom of Hungary within Austria-Hungary) with the formerly independent Kingdom of Serbia. In the same year, the Kingdom of Montenegro also proclaimed its unification with Serbia, whereas the regions of Kosovo and Vardar Macedonia had become parts of Serbia prior to the unification. The first country in the world to officially recognize the new state was the United States. After the creation of Yugoslavia the newly formed state was a status quo state in Europe which was opposed to revisionist states. In this situation the country prominently was a part of the Little Entente and the first Balkan Pact. Yugoslav accession to the Tripartite Pact resulted in Yugoslav coup d'etat and ultimately the Invasion of Yugoslavia. During the World War II in Yugoslavia the country was formally represented by the Yugoslav government-in-exile while Yugoslav Partisans headed by Josip Broz Tito progressively gained support of the Allies. During the first post-war years new Yugoslav state was closely aligned with the Soviet Union and involved into dispute over the Free Territory of Trieste and the Greek Civil War. In May 1945, 4,650 Greek refugees, mostly male members of ELAS, settled in the village of Maglic with the help of Yugoslav government. From 1945 to 1948, it was a sui generis case of Greek extraterritorial jurisdiction. This period was sharply ended in 1948 after the Tito-Stalin split. Yugoslavia initially pursued development of relations among non-bloc neutral European states as a way to avoid isolation and preserve certain level of independence without alienating major powers. In this period Yugoslavia joined the Second Balkan Pact. Belgrade however perceived that in deeply divided Europe there was shrinking maneuvering space for neutral countries and followed the development of what will be called process of Finlandization with great concern. In 1956 the Belgrade declaration ended the period of significant dependence on the Western bloc. The Declaration guaranteed noninterference in Yugoslavia's internal affairs and legitimized right to different forms of socialist development in different countries. While declaration failed in achieving lasting rapprochement between the two countries (result of the Yugoslav anxiety over the Hungarian Revolution of 1956) it had an effect on Yugoslav disengagement from the Balkan Pact with NATO member states of Turkey and Greece. Yugoslavia subsequently discovered new allies among former colonies and mandate territories beyond Europe. Yugoslavia supported Egypt during the Suez Crisis. Yugoslavia developed its relations with India beginning with the time of their concurrent mandate at the UN Security Council from the end of 1949 onward. Yugoslavia was one of the founding members of the Non-Aligned Movement which enabled this comparatively small and underdeveloped country to play one of the most prominent diplomatic role during the Cold War. Yugoslav crisis which escalated into breakup of the country and Yugoslav Wars turned into one of the major policy and security issues in the first decade after the end of the Cold War. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003912 Andy's object Andy's object is an unidentified astronomical radio source sending "radio signals ... from the direction of the centre of the galaxy", named after its discoverer, Ziteng Wang of the University of Sydney in Australia, using the Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder and MeerKAT radio telescopes. The object is not visible to "the most powerful non-radio telescopes" and was detected six times between 2020 January and 2020 September. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003919 2022 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship The 2022 IIHF Women's U18 World Championship was scheduled to be the 14th Women's U18 World Championship in ice hockey. On 24 December 2021, all tournaments were cancelled by the IIHF due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Top Division. Preliminary round. "All times are local (UTC+1)." Division I. Group A. The tournament would have been held in Gyor, Hungary from 9 to 15 January 2022. Group B. The tournament would have been held in Radenthein, Austria from 10 to 16 January 2022. Division II. The tournament would have been held in Istanbul, Turkey from 21 to 27 January 2022. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003932 Demetrio Carceller Segura Demetrio Carceller Segura (22 December 1894 - 16 November 1971) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Industry and Trade of Spain between 1940 and 1945, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003950 Blas Perez Gonzalez Blas Perez Gonzalez (13 August 1898 - 7 February 1978) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Governance of Spain between 1942 and 1957, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003952 Bo Jacobsen Bo Jacobsen (born 12 December 1948), is a Danish chess player, Danish Chess Championship winner (1976). Biography. In the mid-1970s Jacobsen was one of the leading Danish chess players. He participated many times in the finals of Danish Chess Championships and won gold medal in 1976. He played for Denmark in the Chess Olympiad: Jacobsen played for Denmark in the European Team Chess Championship: In 2009, in Condino Jacobsen participated in World Senior Chess Championship and shared 3rd-9th place. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003961 Lichinga Solar Power Station The Lichinga Solar Power Station, is a planned solar power plant in Mozambique. The solar farm is under development by a consortium comprising "Gigawatt Global", a Dutch multinational IPP and the "Anglican Church of Niassa", based in Niassa Province, in northwestern Mozambique. The energy generated here is to be sold to Electricidade de Mocambique (EDM), the Mozambican public electric utility company, for distribution to Lago District, Mecula District, Mecanhelas District, Mavago District and Mandimba District. Location. The power station is located in the city of Lichinga, the capital of both Lichinga District and Niassa Province. Lichinga is located east of Lake Malawi and is approximately , west of the port city of Pemba, on the Indian Ocean coast. Overview. In August 2019, Gigawatt Global and the Anglican Church of Niassa committed in writing, to jointly invest US$200 million to design, construct, own and operate this renewable energy infrastructure project. The energy generated here, to be sold to EDM for distribution in six districts of Niassa Province, to stabilize the national grid there, create employment and spur economic and social development. Developers. The power station was developed by a consortium, which owns the station. For descriptive purposes we will call that consortium: Gigawatt Solar Consortium. The consortium comprises the corporate entities listed in the table below. Other considerations. The feasibility studies were expected o begin in September 2019. The outcome of those studies would inform the selection of the EPC contractor. It is expected that at least 200 individuals would be employed in the construction phase of this project. Other benefits include the boost to local businesses in the areas of transport, accommodation, catering and retail sales of fast moving consumer goods. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003992 Engine No. 1 Engine No. 1 is an American activist and impact investing hedge fund. It was founded in December 2020 and, as of October 2021, had $430 million in assets under management and 39 employees. It attracted attention with its campaign to replace four members of ExxonMobil's board of directors despite owning only 0.02% of the company's shares. Jennifer Grancio is the fund's chief executive officer and Christopher James its executive chairman. History. Engine No. 1 was founded by Christopher James with $250 million of his own funds in December 2020. The name refers to one of the oldest fire stations in San Francisco, the city the fund is based in. Charles Penner, who previously worked at Jana Partners, an activist fund pushing Apple to work more on limiting children's smartphone usage, and Jennifer Grancio, who co-founded BlackRock's iShares exchange traded funds business, were also members of the founding team. Christopher James. Christopher James, the firm's founder and executive chairman, grew up in Harrisburg, Illinois. He studied economics at Tulane University and later served on its board of trustees. During the dot-com boom, he operated a coal mine in Illinois and built storage facilities for the oil and gas sector. He also founded and worked for a number of investment funds before founding Engine No. 1. James was a founder of Tipping Point Community, an anti-poverty organisation based in San Francisco. Working mainly on the area's homelessness problem, he realised that many of his peers were working for tech companies, which were the major factor behind rising rents. After this realization, he began reading up on the social value of business, with writings including those of Luigi Zingales and Michael Porter. He concluded that companies should take care of their impacts and decided to found Engine No. 1 in 2020. ExxonMobil. Engine No. 1's decision to invest in ExxonMobil was sparked by a family dinner of James in 2019. His sons asked him how he squared environmentalism - he served on the board of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation - with his investments in energy companies. After finding his own answer lacking, he decided to "take on" ExxonMobil. Engine No. 1 bought a stake in ExxonMobil worth $40 million in December 2020, which equated to about 0.02% of the oil company's shares. At that time, institutional investors were already becoming frustrated with the company lagging behind its competitors in preparing for the energy transition, ExxonMobil also incurred a $22 billion loss that year. On December 7, 2020, James wrote an open letter to the board of directors, pointing out Exxon's poor return on capital employed (ROCE). Writing for the Harvard Business Review, Robert Eccles and Colin Mayer argue that Exxon's poor capital allocation stemmed from its decades of climate change denial. The letter asked for widespread reform and proposed an alternative slate of four independent directors, all with experience of the energy sector. Given their small stake in the company, the investment fund's strategy relied on convincing Exxon's large shareholders, the largest three being BlackRock, The Vanguard Group and State Street, to back its plans. Engine No. 1 appealed less to environmental principles and more to profitability in their strategy to convince investors. It said that Exxon's focus on fossil fuels threatened future returns, stating that the company faced "existential risks". Exxon reacted to Engine No. 1's campaign by expanding its board and adding a director with sustainable investing experience. It also announced a plan for a carbon capture business and a new carbon capture technology venture, both believed to be a consequence of Engine No. 1's activities. According to Exxon, the company expected to spend $35 million on the proxy battle. Engine No. 1 estimated its costs to add up to $30 million. Some experts believed Exxon's spending to hit $100 million. The California State Teachers' Retirement System, the US' second largest public pension fund, announced its support on the day Christopher James' initial letter was published, the Church of England followed suit a few days later. With CalPERS and the New York State Common Retirement Fund disclosing their support some time after that, the United States three biggest pension funds were backing the alternative slate. Institutional Shareholder Services, a proxy advisor, endorsed three of the four candidates on Engine No. 1's slate in May 2021. Glass Lewis supported two candidates. However, D.E. Shaw, which had also been calling for changes at the oil company, reached an agreement with Exxon in March. Exxon used the agreement to unsuccessfully pressure Engine No. 1 into abandoning its campaign. On 26 May, the day of the shareholder meeting, preliminary vote counts suggested that at least two of Engine No. 1's candidates would be successful. During the meeting, ExxonMobil declared a one-hour recess, ostensibly following demands by shareholders for more time to consider their votes. The move was believed to provide further opportunity for negotiations over votes and was described by a former oil executive as "pretty desperate". By the end of the meeting, two candidates had been elected to the board of directors, with the vote over a third one being too close to call. A week later, Exxon announced that Engine No. 1's slate had won a third seat. According to industry experts, changing ExxonMobil's strategy will be a difficult and protracted process. Investment activities. Engine No. 1 holds small stakes in John Deere and Bunge Limited. In October 2021, the firm announced that it had taken a stake in General Motors, an investment it justified in part with GM's investments into electric vehicles. ETF. On June 23, 2021, Engine No. 1 launched an exchange-traded fund focused on environmental, social and corporate governance with $100 million in assets from institutional investors. The Engine No. 1 Transition 500 ETF tracks the largest 500 companies in the US by market capitalization. Instead of selecting and excluding stocks based on ESG criteria, the ETF seeks to align the companies invested in with its ESG goals. The active role it will take in corporate governance is unusual for an ETF. The ETF will also use its shares to support proxy campaigns of Engine No. 1. It is open to retail investors, advisors and pension plans via Betterment's investment platform. References. Informational notes Citations 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69003994 Misawa Security Operations Center The Misawa Security Operations Center (MSOC), nicknamed Security Hill, is a U.S. military and National Security Agency (NSA) signals intelligence facility located on Misawa Air Base in Misawa, Aomori, Japan. The center's history began in 1953, when the U.S. Air Force 1st Radio Squadron Mobile established a facility at the site. The center expanded in the 1970s, and by the 1980s it employed around 2000 people. the center monitored "over 8000 signals on 16 targeted satellites", according to the NSA. the center employed around 900 people. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004001 John P. Williams (disambiguation) #lt;ns#gt;0#lt;/ns#gt; #lt;revision#gt; #lt;timestamp#gt;2021-10-13T12:40:21Z#lt;/timestamp#gt; #lt;contributor#gt; #lt;username#gt;Leschnei#lt;/username#gt; #lt;/contributor#gt; #lt;comment#gt;Redirected page to John P. Williams#lt;/comment#gt; #lt;model#gt;wikitext#lt;/model#gt; #lt;format#gt;text/x-wiki#lt;/format#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004023 Eduardo Aunos Eduardo Aunos Perez (8 September 1894 - 25 September 1967) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Justice of Spain between 1943 and 1945, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004030 Night Rains Night Rains is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Janis Ian, originally released in 1979 on Columbia Records. The commercial failure of her previous self-titled album and its accompanying singles led Columbia to demand Ian make a major change of direction for "Night Rains" to restore her commercial fortunes. She initially focused on writing film music for "Foxes" and "The Bell Jar", and then adopted a fully commercial pop sound, collaborating with Albert Hammond of "It Never Rains in Southern California" fame on one song, and with superstar disco producer Giorgio Moroder on two tracks including the "Foxes" theme. E Street Band saxophonist Clarence Clemons played on two songs and jazz pianist Chick Corea on "Jenny (Iowa Sunrise)". Consequent upon its release alongside twenty-four other Columbia Records albums in the fall of 1979, "Night Rains" was effectively un-promoted by the label in the United States and became Ian's first to not dent the "Billboard" albums chart since "Present Company". Even a re-release a year later with much greater record company promotion failed to get "Night Rains" onto the chart. Although first single "Here Come the Night" (Theme from "The Bell Jar") did not chart anywhere, second single "Fly Too High" became a top ten hit in the Netherlands, Australia and New Zealand, and drove "Night Rains" into the top twenty in those markets. "Fly Too High" and third single "The Other Side of the Sun" also became Ian's first-ever chart entries in the United Kingdom, although "Night Rains" did not crack the top 75 albums. Subsequent to Ian's 1990s comeback, "Fly Too High" and "Jenny (Iowa Sunrise)" have remained part of her live setlist, and both those songs have appeared on career-spanning compilations. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004040 2021-22 Sydney Thunder WBBL season The 2021-22 Sydney Thunder Women's season was the seventh in the team's history. Coached by Trevor Griffin, the Thunder entered WBBL07 as the defending champions but ended the regular season in seventh place on the ladder, recording their worst finishing position across the league's first seven editions. Due to ongoing border restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, they were not scheduled to play any games in their home state of New South Wales for the season. After captain Rachael Haynes announced she would be unlikely to participate in the season due to family reasons, Hannah Darlington was appointed to stand in as Haynes' replacement. Squad. Each 2021-22 squad was made up of 15 active players. Teams could sign up to five 'marquee players', with a maximum of three of those from overseas. Marquees were defined as any overseas player, or a local player who holds a Cricket Australia national contract at the start of the WBBL|07 signing period. Personnel changes made ahead of the season included: Changes made during the season included: The table below lists the Thunder players and their key stats (including runs scored, batting strike rate, wickets taken, economy rate, catches and stumpings) for the season. Fixtures. "All times are local" 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004055 Holandriana Holandriana is a genus of gastropods belonging to the monotypic family Amphimelaniidae. The species of this genus are found in Europe, Northern America, Northern Africa. Species: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004064 Bang Khlo Bang Khlo (, ) is a "khwaeng" (subdistrict) of Bang Kho Laem District, in Bangkok, Thailand. In 2020, it had a total population of 35,838 people. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004065 Acebes del Paramo Acebes del Paramo is a locality located in the municipality of Bustillo del Paramo, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 154. Geography. Acebes del Paramo is located 35km southwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004076 Antonanes del Paramo Antonanes del Paramo is a locality located in the municipality of Bustillo del Paramo, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 91. Geography. Antonanes del Paramo is located 36km southwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004088 2022 Rugby League European Championship C The 2022 European Championship C is an international rugby league tournament that is scheduled to take place in 2022 after the 2020 edition of the tournament was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Background. In April 2021, after initially being postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 tournament, which was originally postponed until 2021, was cancelled due to COVID-19 restrictions in Germany and Norway prevented the competition taking-place. Three teams will compete in the tournament, down from the six that participated in the 2018-19 edition. The three teams are Germany, Norway, and Ukraine. Fixtures. #lt;section begin=NORvUKR /#gt;#lt;section end=NORvUKR /#gt; #lt;section begin=GERvNOR /#gt;#lt;section end=GERvNOR /#gt; #lt;section begin=UKRvGER /#gt;#lt;section end=UKRvGER /#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004090 Barrio de Buenos Aires (Bustillo del Paramo) Barrio de Buenos Aires is a locality located in the municipality of Bustillo del Paramo, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 22. Geography. Barrio de Buenos Aires is located 37km southwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004095 Erik Valdez Erik Valdez (born Russell Erik Valdez; August 26, 1979) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Trey Mitchell in the soap opera television series "General Hospital" (2012-2013), Carlito Solano, Jr. in the drama television series "Graceland" (2014-2015) and Kyle Cushing in the superhero television series "Superman #amp; Lois" (2021-present). Early life. Valdez was born Russell Erik Valdez in Lubbock, Texas, on August 26, 1979, the son of Miguel and Karen Valdez. His father is of Mexican, Spanish and Native American descent, while his mother is of English and Irish descent. His parents were second-generation cotton farmers as he grew up in a close-knit family. Career. After completing theater throughout the years since high school, Valdez pursued an acting career in film and television and he moved to Los Angeles in the summer of 2004. In 2004, he made his acting debut as Chad in three episodes of "Gilmore Girls". He has made guest appearances television shows, including "", "90210", "Numbers" and "Mistresses". In 2012, Valdez played the recurring role of Trey Mitchell in the ABC soap opera television series "General Hospital", until 2013 for 99 episodes. From 2014 to 2015, Valdez played the role of crime boss Carlito Solano, Jr. in the drama television series "Graceland" for 11 episodes. In 2016, he played the role of Lopez in the direct-to-video film "". The same year, he played an uncredited role of Officer Valducci in the drama film "Paint It Black". In 2021, he portrayed the character Kyle Cushing in the superhero television series "Superman #amp; Lois", which premiered on The CW, featuring Tyler Hoechlin and Elizabeth Tulloch. Personal life. In 2015, Valdez proposed to his longtime girlfriend, Candice Lopez, a hostess for Radio Disney, and they married in 2016. Together, they have a son: Enzo Ray Valdez (b. 2018) 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004097 Gediminas Grina Gediminas Grina (born 5 May 1965) is a Lithuanian political military commander who was the Director General of the State Security Department of Lithuania in 2010-2015. He is currently a Lieutenant Colonel of the Lithuanian Armed Forces. Biography. Gediminas Grina was born in Anyksciai on 5 May 1965. In 1990, he completed his degree in physics at the University of Vilnius and worked from 1990 to 1992 at the research institute "Venta" as an engineer and technologist. From 1992 he worked in the Mechanised Infantry Brigade Iron Wolf and from 1999 to 2001 at the Ministry of Defense of Lithuania as head of a department. In 1993, he was made a first lieutenant, in 1997 a captain, and in 1999 a major. From 2001 to 2004, he was a military attache in the Lithuanian embassy in the United States and Canada. In 2004, he joined the Second Investigation Department (AOTD). From 2005 to 2010, he was deputy director for espionage at AOTD. On 9 April 2010, Grina was appointed as the General Director of State Security Department of Lithuania. He was promoted to security general by President Dalia Grybauskaite. Grina is one of the 89 people from the European Union against whom Russia imposed an entry ban in May 2015. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004107 Ten Year Old Tom Ten Year Old Tom is an American adult animated sitcom created by Steve Dildarian for HBO Max. Premise. An average kid must contend with the well-meaning but questionable guidance of the adults around him. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004112 2009 JF1 is a small near-Earth object that should pass within of Earth in 2022. On 6 May 2022 it has a 1-in-3,800 chance of impacting Earth. It is estimated to be 13-meters in diameter which would make it smaller than the Chelyabinsk meteor. It has a very short observation arc of 1.2 days and has not been observed since 2009. On 6 May 2022 it is nominally expected to be from Earth but has an uncertainty region of +-. The nominal Earth approach is 10 May 2022 and would have the asteroid only brightening to apparent magnitude 24. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004122 Matalobos del Paramo Matalobos del Paramo is a hamlet located in the municipality of Bustillo del Paramo, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 184. Geography. Matalobos del Paramo is located 39km southwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004128 Guy Brasseur Guy P. Brasseur (born 19 June 1948) is a Belgian meteorologist and climate scientist. His research interests include stratospheric ozone depletion, global air pollution, solar-terrestrial interactions and earth system research. Career. Brasseur studied at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and earned two engineering degrees, one in physics (1971) and another in telecommunications and electronics (1974). He then earned a PhD in physics at the same university. He worked at the Belgian Space Institute. In 1988 he joined the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in Boulder, Colorado. In 2000 he became Director at the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology (MPI-M) and Scientific Director of the German Climate Computing Centre (DKRZ). From 2006 to 2009 he worked at NCAR. He founded the Climate Service Center Germany (HZG). Today he is head of the environmental modeling research group at the MPI-M and honorary professor at the University of Hamburg. He became a member of the Academia Europaea in 2000. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004131 La Milla del Paramo La Milla del Paramo is a locality located in the municipality of Bustillo del Paramo, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 177. Geography. La Milla del Paramo is located 29km southwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004134 San Pedro de Pegas San Pedro de Pegas is a locality located in the municipality of Bustillo del Paramo, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 87. Geography. San Pedro de Pegas is located 37km west-southwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004146 Derrick Gore Derrick Gore (born December 13, 1994) is an American football running back for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Louisiana-Monroe and Alabama. College career. Gore began his collegiate career at Coffeyville Community College. He suffered an injury in training camp and missed his freshman season. Following the season, Gore transferred to Alabama after receiving an offer to join the team as a walk-on. He played mostly on special teams as a redshirt freshman as the Crimson tide won the 2015 National Championship As a redshirt sophomore, Gore rushed for 93 yards and one touchdown. After the season Gore announced his intent to transfer from Alabama and ultimately committed to transfer to Louisiana-Monroe for his final two seasons of NCAA eligibility. He led the Warhawks in rushing in both seasons with 585 and 662 yards scored 13 total touchdowns. Professional career. Los Angeles Chargers. Gore was signed by the Los Angeles Chargers as an undrafted free agent on July 24, 2019. Gore was released by the team on August 31, 2019, during final roster cuts. Gore was re-signed to the Chargers' practice squad on October 16, 2019, but was waived two days later. Washington Redskins. Gore was signed to the Washington Redskins practice squad on December 10, 2019. Los Angeles Chargers (second stint). Gore was re-signed by the Chargers on May 5, 2020. He was waived at the end of training camp on September 5, 2020. He was re-signed to the Chargers' practice squad on November 16, 2020. The Chargers released Gore on December 4, 2020. Kansas City Chiefs. Gore signed a reserve/futures contract with the Kansas City Chiefs on February 6, 2021. He was waived by the Chiefs during final roster cuts on August 30, 2021, and was re-signed to their practice squad on September 1 Gore was signed to the Chiefs active roster on October 12, 2021. He rushed for his first NFL touchdown on November 1, 2021, against the New York Giants on a halfback stretch run to the left front pylon in a 20-17 win. Six weeks after his first score in the NFL and one day before his 27th birthday, Gore turned on the jets for a 51-yard touchdown run to lead Kansas City to a Week 14 victory over the Las Vegas Raiders 48-9. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004147 Demetrios Nomikos Demetrios Nomikos (, 1680 - 1750) was a Greek painter, goldsmith, and priest. He shared the same last name with other famous Greek painters. Georgios Nomikos, Demetrios Nomikos and his brother Nicholas Nomikos. He is one of the early representatives of the Heptanese School of painting. He was active during the Greek Baroque and Rococo. He worked with notable Greek painter Antonios Notaras. Konstantinos Kontarinis, Stylianos Stavrakis and Nikolaos Kallergis were active on the same islands around the same period. Nomikos was a master gilder. According to the Institute of Neohellenic Research, five of his works survived. His most notable works are at the Loverdos Museum. History. Nomikos was born on the island of Zakynthos. He was a priest. He worked with his brother Nicholas. He eventually became partners with famous painter Antonios Notaras. Historians have archives from 1701-1730. In 1701, he gilded the iconostasis of the church of the Holy Trinity of Gerakari, Zakynthos with his brother Nicholas. In 1718, he gilded the doors of the church of the Assumption in Machairados, Zakynthos. One year later Demetrios and his brother gilded the iconostasis in the church of Agios Georgios Gerakari, Zakynthos. According to records in 1730, Nomikos entered a partnership with painter and priest Antonios Notaras. Both of the painters were active on the island of Lefkada and elsewhere. Nomikos received sixty percent of the profits. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004155 Antoine Dieuzayde Antoine Dieuzayde (13 June 1877 - 13 July 1958) was a French Basque Catholic priest and member of the French Resistance during World War II. He founded a camp for youth education in the Pyrenees and a Catholic youth centre in Bordeaux. He organised the reception of refugees from the Spanish Civil War and used his connexions to help resistance groups, particularly the Jade-Amicol network whose operations were centred in south-west France. Biography. He was born on 13 June 1877 in Toulouse (France). He began studying law in Toulouse, then entered a novitiate of the Society of Jesus in Rodez in 1899. He was assigned to Bordeaux. Dieuzayde was deeply evangelical, fervently practising Ignatian spirituality which involves periods of solitude and meditation, which he encouraged in certain others. He became chaplain of the "" (Catholic Association of French Youth) from 1914. His views were close to "Le Sillon", the French social politico-religious movement created in 1894 to counter marxism. In 1919, he set up a Social Secretariat in Bordeaux, to "make known the social doctrine of the Catholic Church as a documentation and propaganda centre". In particular, the Secretariat encouraged the formation of agricultural unions, unions of employees and discussions about government welfare or the minimum wage. The "camp de Bernard Rollo" in the Pyrenees. After first visiting the site in 1918, Fr. Dieuzayde founded a camp in Bareges at an altitude of 1,600 metres in 1922. He named it "camp Bernard Rollo" after one of the boys in his ministry who was killed at the front on 24 July 1918 near the end of World War I. His budget was 1180 "francs", including 500 "francs" from the city of Bordeaux. Young campers, typically from Bordeaux and Montpellier, paid 8 "francs" for their stay, which included various outdoor activities and treks across the Spanish border. The camp itself was awarded the "Croix de Guerre". In 1923, he became chaplain-general of scouting. The camp became an important place for meetings and discussions on Christianity, faith and commitment in the modern world until Dieuzayde's death, hosting leading academics such as the philosopher , and historians Henri-Irenee Marrou and Andre Mandouze. The "foyer Henri Bazire". In 1927, he founded the "foyer Henri Bazire" in rue du Pont-de-la-Mousque, Bordeaux. With its chapel and meeting rooms, it became a rallying point for young Catholics from Bordeaux. Dieuzayde became known affectionately amongst the youth as "le vieux zebre" ("the old zebra"). As at the "camp Bernard Rollo", he invited many speakers to "Semaines sociales" such as Professors Andre Garrigou-Lagrange and Jean Brethe de la Gressaye, political economists from the University of Bordeaux. Later, during and after the Spanish Civil War, he helped refugees who had escaped from Spain and some who went into hiding. In this he was helped by insurance agent Raymond Dupouy, president of the in Bordeaux. Dieuzayde played an important role in the Catholic opposition to "Action Francaise", a far-right-wing monarchist group which claimed to support Catholicism. Involvement in the French Resistance. Fr. Dieuzayde and others who attended the "camp Bernard Rollo" and "foyer Henri Bazire", whom he later designated as the "Baregeois de Bordeaux", took part in various resistance movements against Nazi occupation in France. Dieuzayde joined the Jade-Amicol network; in 1940, he was visited at the "foyer Henri Bazire" by Claude Arnould, the co-leader of the network, and he offered his services along with fellow Jesuit, Fr. Gorostarzu. Fr. Dieuzayde's connexions in industry, infrastructure and the Society of Jesus were invaluable. In the winter of 1942-1943, he hid from the Nazis in the camp. No youth camp was held from 1943 to 1944. Resistance members of Dieuzayde's ministry who became victims of the Nazis included Laure Gatet, a biochemist in the Gaullist network Confrerie Notre-Dame who died of dysentery in Auschwitz-Birkenau in February 1943, and his former collaborator Dupouy, who was tortured and shot with 23 others in Grenoble in August 1944. Post-war. In 1945, Fr. Dieuzayde relaunched a project he'd had for a "Maison Familiale" and the camps in the Pyrennees resumed. In 1947, the "camp Bernard Rollo" celebrated its 25th anniversary and Fr. Dieuzayde was awarded the "Croix de Guerre". Construction of the "Maison Familiale" began in 1951, organised by the Swiss-born skier Walter Jeandel, and was completed the following year. On 8 March 1952, Fr.Dieuzayde had his first major health scare, suffering partial paralysis; he still made it to the camp in the summer. The completed "Maison Familiale" was named "Chalet les Pics" and the "Association Bernard Rollo" was founded on 4 July 1952. On 4 May 1957, Fr. Dieuzayde had a major relapse. He died on 13 July 1958 in Bordeaux. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004195 Santander Golf Tour Barcelona The Santander Golf Tour Barcelona is a women's professional golf tournament on Spain's Santander Golf Tour that has featured on the LET Access Series. It was first played in 2016 and is held in Barcelona, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004229 Ivan Silayev's Second Cabinet Second cabinet of Ivan Silayev was the last composition of the Council of Ministers of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, working from July to November 1991. Most of its members kept their positions from the Ivan Silayev's First Cabinet which was dissolved after Boris Yeltsin officially took office as president on 10 July 1991. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004238 Tanga Coelacanth Marine Park The Tanga Coelacanth Marine Park (TCMP) is a Marine park located in Tanga Region, Tanzania. The marine park is around 552 square kilometers, of which 85 square kilometers is terrestrial, covering small coastal parts of Pangani District, Muheza District and Tanga District. The park extends along the coast from 100 km starting from the estuary of the Pangani River to the bay of Tanga City. The Marine parks covers the Islands of Toten, Yambe and Karange Islands. The marine park is home to the famous Coelacanth. The park is also a sanctuary for the African Dugong and Green sea turtle. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004243 I Gede Wenten I Gede Wenten, renowned to be called colloquially as Wenten, or Prof. Wenten is an Indonesian Professor of Chemical Engineering affiliated with Bandung Institute of Technology (ITB) specialized in membrane technology and also an inventor. He is a pioneer of membrane technology research in Indonesia. Early life and education. I Gede Wenten born as son of Made Sarta, a fishermen from Buleleng Village in Buleleng, Bali, Indonesia. I Gede Wenten hailed from a big family with him born as last child of 11 siblings. Despite hardly meeting their needs, his father was a dedicated person and tried as best to fulfill the education of his children. I Gede Wenten later went to Bandung to enroll at Department of Chemistry Engineering at ITB in 1982. He later graduated as Chemical Engineer in 1987. He went to Technical University of Denmark for continuing his education, first as Master of Biotechnology (graduated in 1990), and PhD of Chemical Engineering (graduated in 1995). He also take post-doctoral researcher opportunity at UNESCO Center on Membrane at University of New South Wales. During his time in Denmark, in 1994 he invented a filtration system for beer-making industry. He patented his invention. His invention also resulted him to be awarded with Suttle Award from The Filtration Society London on 20 September 1994. He was appointed as professor in 2014. Despite reaching his professorship, he still learning and even taking another degree. In 2015 he obtained Master degree in Law from Padjadjaran University. Later, in 2017 he obtained highest professional degree of engineers in Indonesia, Insinyur Profesional Utama (IPU) from the Indonesian Engineers Association. Appointments. He was appointed as Vice Rector for Research and Innovation in ITB for 2020 - 2025. On 13 October 2021, he appointed as Member of National Research and Innovation Agency (BRIN) Steering Committee by Joko Widodo. The appointment resulted in his vice-rectorship period ended early for new assignment. During his careers in ITB he appointed in various capacity in academics and private sectors, namely: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004269 Edward Malm Lieutenant General Edvard ("Edward") Magnus Samuel Malm (20 August 1899 - 23 May 1983) was a senior Swedish Army officer. Malm served as commander of Stockholm Anti-Aircraft Regiment (1949-1956), as Deputy Chief of Ordnance (1956-1959), and as Master-General of the Ordnance (1959-1964). Early life. Malm was born on 20 August 1899 in Bave Parish, Gothenburg and Bohus County, Sweden, the son of Thomasine Ulrika Barnekow and the Minister for War (1907-1911), lieutenant general Olof Malm. Malm passed "studentexamen" in 1918. Career. Malm graduated from Military Academy Karlberg in 1921 and was commissioned as an officer and assigned as a second lieutenant to Svea Artillery Regiment the same year, where he was promoted to lieutenant in 1925. He attended the General Artillery Course at the Artillery and Engineering College from 1922 to 1923 and the Higher Artillery Course there from 1924 to 1926. He served in the Artillery Staff from 1927 to 1928 and in Svea Artillery Regiment from 1928 to 1930 and took a course for weapons officers in 1930 and received air defence training. From 1931 to 1933 Malm studied at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm. He then served in the Royal Swedish Army Materiel Administration between 1933 and 1943: as a control officer at the Control Department ("Kontrollavdelningen") in the Military Office ("Militarbyran") in the Artillery Department ("Artilleridepartementet") from 1933 to 1936, in the Artillery Gun and Instrumentation Department ("Pjas- och instrumentavdelningen") in the 1st Materiel Office ("1. materielbyran") in the Ordnance Department ("Tygdepartementet") from 1936 to 1940, as head of and rapporteur in the Industry Office ("Industribyran") in the Ordnance Department from 1940 to 1941 and as head of the Maintenance Office ("Underhallsbyran") in the Ordnance Department from 1941 to 1943. Malm was promoted to captain in 1935 and transferred to the Swedish Army Ordnance Corps in 1936. He attended an ordnance officer course in 1940 and was promoted to major in 1941. In 1943 he was promoted to lieutenant colonel, after which he served in Ostgota Anti-Aircraft Regiment from 1943 to 1945. He served from 1945 to 1948 in the Anti-Aircraft Department ("Luftvarnsavdelningen") in the Army Inspectorate ("Armeinspektionen") in the Army Staff, whereupon from 1948 to 1949 Malm was an assistant at the Weapons Office ("Vapenbyran") in the Ordnance Department ("Tygavdelningen") of the Royal Swedish Army Materiel Administration. In 1949 he was promoted to colonel, after which he was commander of Stockholm Anti-Aircraft Regiment from 1949 to 1956 and studied at the Swedish National Defence College in 1955. He then served as Deputy Chief of Ordnance in the Royal Swedish Army Ordnance Administration from 1956 to 1959. He was promoted to major general in 1959, whereupon Malm served as Master-General of the Ordnance and head of the Swedish Army Ordnance Corps from 1959 to 1964. He was vice chief of the Royal Swedish Army Ordnance Administration from 1959 to 1963 and head of the same authority from 1963 to 1964. As vice chief and head of the Royal Swedish Army Ordnance Administration he was a member of the Administration Board of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1959 to 1964. He was a member of the board of the Swedish National Defence Research Institute from 1957 to 1964 and chairman of the Central Joint Consultation Board of the Swedish Armed Forces ("Forsvarets centrala foretagsnamnd") from 1960 to 1964. Malm retired from active service in 1964 and was promoted to lieutenant general on the reserve list. "As the newly appointed Master-General of the Ordnance, Edward Malm was faced with procurement tasks that were both technically and financially more extensive than those his predecessors had to solve. This extensive procurement activity had been prompted by the Defence Act of 1958, that the Army's equipment would soon be significantly strengthened with weapon systems, which a potential attacker would not be able to easily destroy with the help of tactical nuclear weapons. Among other things, it was a matter of developing combat vehicles of new kinds, mainly a new tank, an armored, self-propelled, long-range artillery gun and a new, relatively well-armed vehicle for armoured infantry. Malm was well grown for the big tasks. His powerful figure proved to be matched by an ability to work and a courage to make difficult decisions, which went far beyond the ordinary. Purposefully, he expanded his knowledge in the relevant technology areas. As for the previously mentioned new combat vehicles, for which he was given responsibility, he was not satisfied with the knowledge and experience that was available within Sweden. More than any of his predecessors, he took the time to study developments elsewhere and to discuss important problems with foreign expertise on his own. Edward Malm personally took a very active part in the decisive negotiations with the industrial companies concerned prior to the serial acquisition of the new combat vehicles. It has been testified that he was perceived by the companies as a hard negotiator. This was particularly evident in the final negotiations on the series agreement for the new tank, Stridsvagn S (Strv 103), which AB Bofors was to manufacture [.]. It is said to have caused concern and dismay in several places within the company, when Malm in private negotiation with the company management about this the largest single order in both the Royal Swedish Army Ordnance Administration and in AB Bofors' history managed to settle a series price, which was significantly below what was offered. It also gave Malm great satisfaction [.] to experience several years later that this agreement, which was initially perceived as pressured, became very beneficial for the company as well, in that it, in order for it to be profitable, forced a rationalization of the manufacturing process to a degree which was not previously considered possible." Personal life. In 1924, Malm married Louise Arfwedson (1902-1983), the daughter of Gerhard Arfwedson and Baroness Caroline De Geer. Death. Malm died on 23 May 1983 in Salem Parish in Stockholm County. He was at the time of his death living in Ronninge. Malm was interred on 22 June 1983 at Djursholm cemetery. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004288 Vyshniye Derevenki Vyshniye Derevenki () is a rural locality () and the administrative center of Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Byk River (a left tributary of the Seym), 37.5 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 65 km south-west of Kursk, 11 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov. Vyshniye Derevenki has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Vyshniye Derevenki is located 2.5 km from the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), on the roads of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik) and (38K-024 - Cheremoshki - Vyshniye Derevenki), 1 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "11 km" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 72 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 134 km from Belgorod International Airport and 273 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004308 Feuerbach hyperbola In geometry, the Feuerbach hyperbola is a rectangular hyperbola passing through important triangle centers such as the Orthocenter, Gergonne point, Nagel point and Shiffler point. The center of the hyperbola is the Feuerbach point, the point of tangency of the incircle and the nine-point circle. Equation. It has the trilinear equation formula_1(here formula_2 are the angles at the respective vertices and formula_3 is the barycentric coordinate). Properties. Like other rectangular hyperbolas, the orthocenter of any three points on the curve lies on the hyperbola. So, the orthocenter of the triangle formula_4 lies on the curve. The line formula_5 is tangent to this hyperbola at formula_6. Isogonal conjugate of OI. The hyperbola is the isogonal conjugate of formula_5, the line joining the circumcenter and the incenter. This fact leads to a few interesting properties. Specifically all the points lying on the line formula_5 have their isogonal conjugates lying on the hyperbola. The Nagel point lies on the curve since its isogonal conjugate is the point of concurrency of the lines joining the vertices and the opposite Mixtilinear incircle touchpoints, also the in-similitude of the incircle and the circumcircle. Similarly, the Gergonne point lies on the curve since its isogonal conjugate is the ex-similitude of the incircle and the circumcircle. The pedal circle of any point on the hyperbola passes through the Feuerbach point, the center of the hyperbola. Kariya's theorem. Given a triangle formula_4, let formula_10 be the touchpoints of the incircle formula_11 with the sides of the triangle opposite to vertices formula_2 respectively. Let formula_13 be points lying on the lines formula_14 such that formula_15. Then, the lines formula_16 are concurrent at a point lying on the Feuerbach hyperbola. The Kariya's theorem has a long history. It was proved independently by Auguste Boutin and V. Retali., but it became famous only after Kariya's paper. Around that time, many generalizations of this result were given. Kariya's theorem can be used for the construction of the Feuerbach hyperbola. Both Lemoine's theorem and Kariya's theorem are a special case of Jacobi's theorem. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004333 Organic selenocyanates Organic selenocyanates are organoselenium compounds with the general formula RSeCN. They are generally colorless, air-stable solids or liquids with repulsive odors. In terms of structure, synthesis, and reactivity, selenocyanates and thiocyanates behave similarly. Preparation. Alkyl selenocyanates are generally prepared by treatment of potassium selenocyanate with alkyl halides in alcohol or acetone solution. Aryl selenocyanates are generally prepared by treatment of potassium selenocyanate with aryl diazonium salts. Reactions. Organic selenocyanates can be reduced to the selenol, which readily oxidize to the diselenide: Oxidation of selenocyanates gives the seleninic acids. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004337 Duchy of Poznan The Duchy of Poznan was a feudal district duchy in the Greater Poland, centered on the Poznan Land. Its capital was Poznan. The state was established in 1177, in the partition of the Duchy of Greater Poland, after the rebellion against Mieszko III. Duke Odon of the Piast dynasty become its first ruler. It existed until 1279, when, it got united with duchies of Gniezno and Kalisz, under the rule of Przemysl II, forming the Duchy of Greater Poland. It remained a fiefdom within the Duchy of Poland, until 1227, and after that, it become an independent state. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004352 Namdo Field Songs Namdo Field Songs (hangeul: namdo deulnorae; romanisation: "Namdo deulnorae") refers to a set of South Korean folk choral songs used by farmers in rice fields, specifically in the region of Jeolla Province. The Namdo Field Songs have been recognised as part of the Intangible Cultural Property of the Republic of Korea in 1973. Origin and type of field songs. Namdo Field Songs are folk songs (in Korean: "minyo") originated and widespread in the Jeolla Province region, more precisely in the Western area of South Jeolla, in the basin of the Yeonsang River: the name Namdo means "South path" and can be also written with the ideograms Nan Dao , whose literal translation is "Southern road". Although now known all over the country, the words and sounds may vary by region and are sung mainly by the residents of the Jindo Island and Inji-ri. The songs were first discovered and catalogued by the folklorist Ji Chunsang in 1970 while visiting the Jindo Island, and they are generally referred to as part of Labour Songs typical of the whole region, as they were sung and considered essential by farmers while working in the rice fields with the intent of forgetting the tiredness and giving strength to one another. In order to do so, the stanzas that composed the songs have a rhythmic cycle that matched the different phases of the activities in the rice fields and the words were partly improvised to keep the workers attentive and entertained. The sets of songs that compose the Namdo Field Songs can be divided into: For this reason, Namdo Field Songs can also be divided into wet paddy songs (those used when steaming, planting and weeding) and dry fields songs ("Jangwonjil Sori"). In the past, the rhythm was marked by drums played by the band, which stayed at the borders of the rice field during the whole harvesting cycle while the farmers were bent down wearing white or brown clothes and singing the stanzas as a team. Because of the high improvisation rate, each song had a variable duration and even the framework could change depending on the specific situation such as the fertility of the soil due to the necessity of harmonizing the melody with the work pace in the paddy. The particularity of Namdo Field Songs lies within their sounds and notes which cannot be found in any other part of inland South Korea - also, as a consequence of the strong accents of their spoken Korean consequently to the isolated position of the region surrounded by the mountains. Standardisation in the modern era. Although these songs belong to the tradition of South Korea, with the nomination of Namdo Field Songs as an Intangible Cultural Property in 1971 and the win of the 12th National Folk Contest in October of the same year some changes have been made in order to reach a conventional standardisation. First, improvisation was reduced to a minimum in order to make each stanza more regular and known outside the local area, making it easier for performers to sing them. This gives a more repetitive frame to the songs, which are also perceived as historically accurate and descriptive of a past habit. The songs also lost part of their choral aspects which were meant to generate cohesion among the farmers, as the stanzas are now mostly sung by a performance leader who shows off his skills, followed by a chorus. Furthermore, the rhythm of the songs is now marked by a single drummer which stands in front of the workers, who are dressed in bright colours. These last particulars have stirred up some controversies among the Korean populations, as they pointed out that, in that position in a real situation, the drummer would have ruined the field by stomping on the growing plants before the farmers could pick them up. Sometimes, a choreography is designed ex novo for show purposes and then added to the performance. These changes were meant to cater to the audience of outsiders during the festivals and preserve the cultural heritage throughout the modern days, but they could also be linked to the feeling of inferiority these songs bring with themselves: as they were sung by farmers, Namdo Field Songs are considered to be connected to poverty and past times when industrialisation was absent: when asked, in the past informants would pretend to not know those songs or their existence. However, during festivals the songs are still performed by natives of the Jeolla-do region, especially from the Jindo Island whose creativity is showcased through the variety of these songs. Conservation and heritage. After their discovery and the nomination in 1971, Namdo Field Songs have been designated as the National Intangible Cultural Property n.51 by the Government on the 5th of November 1973 and are now under a strict conservation policy of the government. Those who standardised them and pushed for their recognition, Seol Jaechon and Jo Gongrye, became their holders until their death in 1997, immediately substituted by Kim Youngja and Park Dongmae. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004354 Agostinho Jose Freire Agostinho Jose Freire ComTE, CvA, GCNSC (Evora, 28 August 1780 - Lisbon, 4 November 1836 ) was an major of the Portuguese Army, minister and state councilor, a distinguished statesman and advocate of the Liberal cause. Early life. He was born in Evora on August 28, 1780, son of captain Agostinho Jose Freire, from Vidais and of an unknown mother. While still young, he went to live in Leiria, accompanied by his father. Having completed his early studies there, he went to Lisbon to pursue his education and eventually enrolled at the University of Coimbra. He graduated in Mathematics in 1807, having also studied Philosophy. Although he seemed destined for a teaching career, the French invasion in the year of his graduation saw him dedicate himself to the resistance. He fought in the Peninsular War and played a role during the Vintismo period and in the early years of the Portuguese Constitutional Monarchy. He was also a freemason. As a result of the Vilafrancada uprising, Freire went into exile on June 15, 1822. He went first to Jersey, then to Paris and elsewhere in Europe. He returned to Portugal following the Constitutional Charter of 1826. He served in the army throughout the Liberal Wars. When Miguel I of Portugal landed in Portugal in 1828 as regent, Freire once again left the country and went to join Pedro IV in Belle-Isle, leaving with him for the Azores. Pedro named him Minister of War and acting Navy. After having rendered Pedro very important services in organizing the liberal army and preparing the fleet that was to transport him to the Portugal, Freire returned with Pedro and distinguished himself in the military action that followed. Ministerial career. In the regency cabinet of Don Pedro he was Minister of War (3 March 1832 - 24 September 1834) and Interim Minister of the Marine (3 March - 29 June 1832, 26 July - 15 October 1833) as well as interim Foreign Minister (29 July 1832 - 25 September 1832 and 18 November 1832 - 12 January 1833); Minister of the Marine for a third time (24 September 1834 - 16 February 1835) and then Minister of the Interior (16 February - 27 May 1835) in the Palmela cabinet and again (20 April - 10 September 1836) in the Terceira cabinet. Honours and distinctions. He was awarded the 36th Grand Cross of the (December 1, 1834); the Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III of Spain (28th August 1834): Knight of the , Commander of the Military Order of the Tower and Sword (31 January 1835), President of the Constituent Cortes, peer of the realm and director of the . Death. Freire was murdered during the Belenzada, after leaving the house of , where he had gone to dinner, and was making his way to the Belem Palace. Various former devorist ministers had been called to Belem to assist the new government and Freire was in a carriage, wearing his full regalia. On his way, at Calcada da Pampulha in Santos he ran into a group of the National Guard. He stepped out of his carriage and was shot by a guardsman. The furious mob tore off his decorations, robbed his valuables, and dumped his body in a common grave at a cemetery. His body was mutilated and stolen, being taken to Prazeres Cemetery. Even after he was buried, his remains were twice dug up by his enemies, so in the end his daughter had a mausoleum built to keep his remains secure. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004366 Rheeze Rheeze is an Angerdorf in the municipality of Hardenberg in the Dutch province of Overijssel. As of 2020, the population of Rheeze was 285. Rheeze has been since the early Middle Ages. At the end of 1992, part of the core of Rheeze was designated as a protected townscape. In the core of Rheeze, there is also a site of high archaeological value, which means that archaeological research is required for soil activities deeper than 40 centimeters. Etymology. The church reformer Albertus Risaeus was born in 1510 in Rheeze; the Latin name 'Risaeus' refers to this. However, he was also known as Albert(us) Hardenberg, after the town near Rheeze. He left for Groningen at the age of 7, where there were better educational opportunities. Recreation area. Due to the location of Rheeze in the green Overijssel Vechtdal, tourism also plays a very important role in Rheeze. There are many campsites, mainly on the Grote Beltenweg, which house thousands of campers every year. De Oldemeijer. The Oldemeijer is a recreational lake in the Hardenberg forestry, near Rheeze. There is a beach around the lake and in the middle an island that can be reached by swimming or via two foot bridges. There are toilets and there is a kiosk where snacks are available. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004392 Jovita Neliupsiene Jovita Neliupsiene (born Jovita Praneviciute on 3 January 1980) is a Lithuanian politician, who had been the former Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to President Dalia Grybauskaite. From September 2020, she is the Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Neliupsiene had also served as the ambassador to the European Union from 2015 to 2020. Biography. Jovita Neliupsiene was born in Panevezys on 3 January 1980. From 1998 to 2004, she studied at Vilnius University and graduated with a bachelor's and master's degrees in international relations and diplomacy. From 2000 to 2004, she studied law at Mykolas Romeris University. She worked in the Seimas, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the Lithuanian Embassy in Belarus. Since 2006, she taught at Vilnius University Institute of International Relations and Political Science. In 2009, she defended her doctoral dissertation on the topic "National self-awareness and the formation of statehood: the experience of the CIS countries", and became an associate professor. In 2009, she advised President Grybauskaite, and coordinated the issues of the European Council meetings. In 2012, after Darius Semaska's departure, she became the president's Chief Adviser - Head of the Foreign Policy Group. On 18 August 2015, Neliupsiene became the Lithuanian ambassador to the European Union, until August 2020. Neliupsiene is one of the 89 people from the European Union against whom Russia has imposed sanctions. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004398 Eduardo Gonzalez-Gallarza Eduardo Gonzalez-Gallarza Iragorri (18 April 1898 - 24 May 1986) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Air of Spain between 1945 and 1957, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004400 Duchy of Kalisz The Duchy of Kalisz was a feudal district duchy in the Greater Poland, centered on the Kalisz Region. Its capital was Kalisz. The state was established in 1177, in the partition of the Duchy of Greater Poland, after the rebellion against Mieszko III. Duke Casimir II the Just of the Piast dynasty become its first ruler. It existed until 1279, when, it got united with duchies of Gniezno and Poznan, under the rule of Przemysl II, forming the Duchy of Greater Poland. It remained a fiefdom within the Duchy of Poland, until 1227, and after that, it become an independent state. Citations. Bibliography. Andrzej Wedzki, "Kalisz w panstwie wczesnopiastowskim i w okresie rozbicia dzielnicowego". In: Wladyslaw Rusinski (redactor), "Dzieje Kalisza". Poznan: Wydawnictwo Poznanskie, 1977. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004403 Snip (film) Snip is a Canadian animated short film, directed by Terril Calder and released in 2016. Released as a tie-in to Joseph Boyden's novella "Wenjack", the film centres on two contemporary indigenous children, Annie and Gordon, who travel back in time in an effort to save two other children, Charlie and Niska, from the Indian residential school system. The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival, and was named to TIFF's annual year-end Canada's Top Ten list for 2016. It was subsequently screened at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival in 2017, where it received an honorable mention from the short film jury in the Generation 14Plus program of youth films. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004416 Longest-processing-time-first scheduling Longest-processing-time-first (LPT) is a greedy algorithm for job scheduling. The input to the algorithm is a set of "jobs", each of which has a specific processing-time. There is also a number "m" specifying the number of "machines" that can process the jobs. The LPT algorithm works as follows: Step 2 of the algorithm is essentially the list-scheduling (LS) algorithm. The difference is that LS loops over the jobs in an arbitrary order, while LPT pre-orders them by descending processing time. LPT was first analyzed by Ronald Graham in the 1960s in the context of the identical-machines scheduling problem. Later, it was applied to many other variants of the problem. LPT can also be described in a more abstract way, as an algorithm for multiway number partitioning. The input is a set "S" of numbers, and a positive integer "m"; the output is a partition of "S" into "m" subsets. LPT orders the input from largest to smallest, and puts each input in turn into the part with the smallest sum so far. Examples. If the input set is S = {4, 5, 6, 7, 8} and "m" = 2, then the resulting partition is {8, 5, 4}, {7, 6}. If "m" = 3, then the resulting 3-way partition is {8}, {7, 4}, {6, 5}. Properties. LPT might not find the optimal partition. For example, in the above instance the optimal partition {8,7}, {6,5,4}, where both sums are equal to 15. However, its suboptimality is bounded both in the worst case and in the average case; see Performance guarantees below. The running time of LPT is dominated by the sorting, which takes O("n" log "n") time, where "n" is the number of inputs. Performance guarantees: identical machines. When used for identical-machines scheduling, LPT attains the following approximation ratios. Worst-case maximum sum. In the worst case, the largest sum in the greedy partition is at most formula_1 times the optimal (minimum) largest sum. Normalize the input items such that OPT=1. This implies that the sum of all items is at most "m". Partition the items into "large" (more than 2/3), "medium" (between 1/3 and 2/3), and "small" (less than 1/3). Let their numbers be "nL", "nM" and "nS". In each optimal partition, each part contains at most one large item, so "nL" <= "m". Moreover, each optimal part cannot contain both a large and a medium item, or three medium items; so "nM" <= 2("m"-"nL"). The operation of the greedy algorithm can be partitioned into three phases: A more detailed analysis yields a factor of formula_2 times the optimal (minimum) largest sum. (for example, when "m" =2 this ratio is formula_3). The previous proof can be refined in two ways. First, one can prove that, once all large and medium items are allocated, the sum in each bin is at most 1. Second, one can prove that, when allocating the small inputs, the sum of every new bin is at most 4/3-1/(3"m"). There are two cases: The factor formula_4 is tight. Suppose there are formula_5 inputs (where "m" is even): formula_6. Then the greedy algorithm returns: with a maximum of formula_13, but the optimal partition is: with a maximum of formula_20. An even more detalied analysis takes into account the number of inputs in the max-sum part. Worst-case minimum sum. In the worst case, the "smallest" sum in the returned partition is at least formula_24 times the optimal (maximum) smallest sum. The proof is by contradiction. We consider a "minimal counterexample", that is, a counterexample with a smallest "m" and fewest input numbers. Denote the greedy partition by P1.,P"m", and the optimal partition by Q1.,Q"m". Some properties of a minimal counterexample are: The proof that a minimal counterexample does not exist uses a "weighting scheme". Each input x is assigned a weight w(x) according to its size and greedy bundle Pi: This weighting scheme has the following properties: A more sophisticated analysis shows that the ratio is at most formula_25 (for example, when "m"=2 the ratio is 5/6). It is tight. Suppose there are 3"m"-1 inputs (where "m" is even). The first 2"m" inputs are: 2"m"-1, 2"m"-1, 2"m"-2, 2"m"-2, ., "m", "m". The last "m"-1 inputs are all "m". Then the greedy algorithm returns: with a minimum of 3"m"-1. But the optimal partition is: with a minimum of 4"m"-2. There is a variant of LPT, called Restricted-LPT or RLPT, in which the inputs are partitioned into subsets of size "m" called "ranks" (rank 1 contains the largest "m" inputs, rank 2 the next-largest "m" inputs, etc.). The inputs in each rank must be assigned to "m" different bins: rank 1 first, then rank 2, etc. The minimum sum in RLPT is at most the minimum sum at LPT. The approximation ratio of RLPT for maximizing the minimum sum is at most "m". Average-case maximum sum. In the average case, if the input numbers are distributed uniformly in [0,1], then the largest sum in an LPT schedule satisfies the following properties: General objectives. Let "Ci" (for "i" between 1 and "m") be the sum of subset "i" in a given partition. Instead of minimizing the objective function max("Ci"), one can minimize the objective function max("f"("Ci")), where "f" is any fixed function. Similarly, one can minimize the objective function sum("f"("Ci")). Alon, Azar, Woeginger and Yadid prove that, if "f" satisfies the following two conditions: Then the LPT rule has a finite approximation ratio for minimizing sum("f"("Ci")). Adaptations to other settings. Besides the simple case of identical-machines scheduling, LPT has been adapted to more general settings. Uniform machines. In uniform-machines scheduling, different machines may have different speeds. The LPT rule assigns each job to the machine on which its "completion time" will be earliest (that is, LPT may assign a job to a machine with a "larger" current load, if this machine is so fast that it would finish that job "earlier" than all other machines). Cardinality constraints. In the balanced partition problem, there are constraints on the "number" of jobs that can be assigned to each machine. A simple constraint is that each machine can process at most "c" jobs. The LPT rule assigns each job to the machine with the smallest load from among those with fewer than "c" jobs. This rule is called "modified LPT" or "MLPT". Another constraint is that the number of jobs on all machines should be formula_38 rounded either up or down. In an adaptation of LPT called "restricted LPT" or "RLPT", inputs are assigned in pairs - one to each machine (for "m"=2 machines). The resulting partition is balanced by design. Kernel constraints - non-simultanoues availability. In the "kernel partitioning problem", there are some "m" pre-specified jobs called kernels, and each kernel must be scheduled to a unique machine. An equivalent problem is scheduling when machines are available in different times: each machine "i" becomes available at some time "ti >=" 0 (the time "ti" can be thought of as the length of the kernel job). A simple heuristic algorithm, called SLPT, assigns each kernel to a different subset, and then runs the LPT algorithm. Online settings. Often, the inputs come online, and their sizes becomes known only when they arrive. In this case, it is not possible to sort them in advance. List scheduling is a similar algorithm that takes a list in any order, not necessarily sorted. Its approximation ratio is formula_44. A more sophisticated adaptation of LPT to an online setting attains an approximation ratio of 3/2. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004435 Right on Time (song) "Right on Time" is a song by American singer-songwriter Brandi Carlile, released on July 21, 2021 as the lead single from her seventh studio album "In These Silent Days". The song received three Grammy Award nominations for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance. Background. The song was written when Carlile was quarantining in the Washington countryside during the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic. According to Carlile, the song's lyrics refer to events that happened during the pandemic: "babies were born, divorces were had, people died, and there's something really human about the obstacles that we've put in front of ourselves." Live performances. Carlile performed "Right on Time" on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" on July 21, 2021, coinciding with the release of the music video. She also performed the song on "The Howard Stern Show" on October 5, 2021; and on "Saturday Night Live" on October 23, 2021. Music video. Carlile released the video for the song on July 21, 2021. The music video for the song was directed by American actress Courteney Cox. The video's look, which has been compared to David Bowie's aesthetic, was designed by stylist Maryam Malakpour. Since part of the video was shot underwater, Carlile had to take swimming lessons to overcome her lifelong aquaphobia. Alternate versions. Carlile has released two alternate versions of the song. On August 27, 2021, she released a stripped-down version, "Right on Time (In Harmony)". On September 24, 2021, she released a live version of the single recorded at Red Rocks Amphitheatre with the Colorado Symphony. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004446 Est-ce que tu viens pour les vacances ? "Est-ce que tu viens pour les vacances ?" is a 1988 pop song recorded by French vocal duet David et Jonathan. Written by Didier Barbelivien and Pascal Auriat with a music composed by duet member , it was their third single from their 1988 album "Coeur de gosse", on which it appears as the first track, and was released in May 1988. It achieved success in France, peaking at number three and thus becoming one of the summer hits of 1988. Lyrics and music video. Lyrics were written by Didier Barbelivien, who had written the duet's previous single, "Gina". The phrase "a crocodile on your blouson" is sometimes viewed as an indirect reference to the trademark of Lacoste. The music video for "Est-ce que tu viens pour les vacances ?" was shot on a beach in Hammamet, Tunisia, and shows images of the duet playing piano and experiencing a summertime love with girls on a sunny beach, which is often considered as dated; however, duet member Jonathan Bermudes considered that it was perfectly in the style of the 1980s and that it remained in the memory of a whole generation. In 2013, Marouani said the song generates royalties which provide an amount of 5000 euros per year. Cover versions. "Est-ce que tu viens pour les vacances ?" attracted attention after being parodied by Les Nuls under the title "Qu'est-ce que tu vends pour les vacances ?", with Alain Chabat et Dominique Farrugia in the roles of David and Jonathan. Chart performance. In France, "Est-ce que tu viens pour les vacances ?" debuted at number 44 on the chart edition of 25 June 1988, entered the top ten in its fifth week where it remained for ten weeks; it reached number three for non consecutive five weeks, being unable to dislodge at the first two positions "Nuit de folie" by Debut de Soiree and "Un roman d'amitie (Friend You Give Me a Reason)" by Elsa Lunghini and Glenn Medeiros; then it fell off the top 50 straight from number 27 after 20 weeks of presence. It earned a Gold disc, awarded by the Syndicat National de l'Edition Phonographique. On the European Hot 100 Singles, it started at number 85 on 16 July 1988 and reached a peak of number nine in its seventh week, and remained on the chart for a total of 19 weeks, nine of them in the top 20. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004447 Christ Tshiunza Christ Tshiunza (born 9 January 2002) is a rugby union player who plays as a lock for Exeter Chiefs in the English Premiership. Born in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, to a French family, he moved to Wales in 2010. He attended Whitchurch High School in Cardiff, where he was part of the Cardiff Blues academy, before going to study at University of Exeter, where he was signed by the Chiefs on a four-year contract. At international level, he is qualified to play for England, Wales or France, as well as his native DR Congo. He played in a friendly match for England Under-20s in March 2021, before being called up by Wales for the 2021 Six Nations Under 20s Championship, playing in four of their five matches and scoring the opening try in the final match against Scotland. In October 2021, he was called up to the Wales senior team for their Autumn international series against New Zealand, South Africa, Fiji and Australia. He made his international debut against Fiji on 14 November 2021 at the Principality Stadium. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004459 Jose Maria Fernandez-Ladreda Jose Maria Fernandez-Ladreda y Menendez-Valdes (14 March 1885 - 20 September 1954) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of Public Works of Spain between 1945 and 1951, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004464 Duchy of Gniezno The Duchy of Gniezno was a feudal district duchy in the Greater Poland, centered on the Kalisz Region. Its capital was Gniezno. The state was established in 1177, in the partition of the Duchy of Greater Poland, after the rebellion against Mieszko III. Duke Casimir II the Just of the Piast dynasty become its first ruler. It existed until 1279, when, it got united with duchies of Kalisz and Poznan, under the rule of Przemysl II, forming the Duchy of Greater Poland. It remained a fiefdom within the Duchy of Poland, until 1227, and after that, it become an independent state. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004474 Walter Braithwaite (engineer) Walt W. Braithwaite was born in January 1945 in Kingston, Jamaica. His mother is Ivy Braithwaite, a beautician, seamstress, and embroiderer. His father is Ivanhoe Braithwaite, a laborer and salesman. He has a sister. When Braithwaite was a teenager (around 1950), he and his family moved to England. Walter Braithwaite is now married to Rita Braithwaite. Together they have three daughters. Early life. As a child, Braithwaite would take apart his toys at Christmas and transform them into circuits using recycled household materials. Braithwaite entered the field of engineering. One of the first things he did on his journey to becoming an engineer was taking a correspondence course in Diesel Engineering. After the correspondence course in Diesel Engineering, Braithwaite went on to apprentice in a maritime machine shop. Career. Receiving the Sloan Fellowship award allowed Braithwaite to acquire a degree in business management which led to his career with Boeing. To qualify for the Fellowship one has to have a Ph.D. or equivalent in chemistry, computer science, Earth system science, economics, mathematics, molecular biology, neuroscience, physics, or a related field. At this time, as listed above, Braithwaite had a degree in Computer Science, Diesel Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering. Although he did not have a Ph.D., he proved with his continuous attendance of school that he was eager to learn and with all the time spent earning degrees he had acquired a great deal of knowledge. As of 2003 he was one of the highest-ranking black-executives in Boeing's history. Awards inspired in honor of Braithwaite. Walt W. Braithwaite BEYA Legacy Award (sometimes referred to as Special Recognition Award). The award is usually appointed at the BEYA STEM Conference, which has been held every year since 1987. The BEYA STEM Community, offers K-12 students, college students, corporate, government, military professionals, business, and industry employers with three days of learning, networking, celebrating excellence, and showcasing STEM career opportunities. Outreach #amp; community involvement. Walt Braithwaite is a Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity Member. Braithwaite is a role model for African Americans in and outside of the field of engineering. He is a volunteer for the YMCA Black Achievers Program. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004497 Jose Rodriguez y Diaz de Lecea Jose Rodriguez y Diaz de Lecea (2 May 1894 - 28 November 1967) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Air of Spain between 1957 and 1962, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004499 Matsudaira Chikauji Matsudaira Chikarauji was a warlord of Mikawa Province in the early Muromachi era. He was the founder of the Matsudaira clan and the Tokugawa clan in the genealogy created in the Edo period. "The Matsudaira clan and Tokugawa clan Life. His paternal lineage is said to be descended from the Shinden Genji Serada clan. The fourth son of Niida Yoshishige, Yoshiki, lived in Nitta-sho Tokugawa and called himself Tokugawa. Yoshiki's second son was Yoriji, who was named Yashiro Sarada and became the governor of Mikawa. His second son was Jiro Noriji, Noriji's son was Matajiro Ietoki, and Ietoki's son was Yajiro Mitsuyoshi. After Mitsuyoshi, he was succeeded by Masayoshi, Chikaki, and Arichika, and Arichika's son was Chikara'. However, Japanese historian Watanabe Seisuke has argued that Tokugawa Ieyasu connected the Serada clan's genealogy with his own in 1566. In today's academic world, it is commonly believed that the genealogy was embellished by Ieyasu. However, Ieyasu's grandfather Matsudaira Kiyoyasu had already called himself the Serada clan, and Ieyasu is thought to have been influenced by him. Chikara was defeated in the Kanto (or Shinano Province) by the forces of the Kamakura kokata (or Shiba clan), and became a member of the Ashikaga clan, he was defeated by the forces of Kamakura lord (or Shiba clan), and to avoid Ashikaga clan capture, he entered Shojoko-ji, the head temple of the Toki sect, in Sagami Province with his father Arichika, and was ordained as a priest. He is sometimes described as "a Beggar monk" or "a kind of Lowborn". However, it has been revealed by Masuo Sembon that the story of rakugo at Seikouji Temple was not told until after the Genroku period, after the establishment of the "Butoku Taiseiki", and is considered to have been created in later times. Tokuami's subordinate, Magosaburo Ishikawa, Shomyoji Sakki and Yugyo and Fujisawa Shonin no Rekishi Keifu. The name of Magosaburo Ishikawa appears as his companion. He became a guest of Matsudaira Nobushige (Ensign Tarozaemon), the lord of the area who was descended from the Zaihara clan or Kamo clan. Nobushige took Tokuami as his son-in-law because of his knowledge of waka poetry and his bravery, and Tokuami returned to secular life and took the name Matsudaira Tarozaemon Lieutenant Chikashi. "In the "History of the Matsudaira Clan," when Nobushige asked him about his ancestry, he replied, "I am a wanderer who travels from east to west, and I am ashamed to say so. Here, the Chikara is described as a person whose identity is unknown. After becoming the lord of Matsudaira, he built Goshiki Castle and became a legitimate son (according to the sibling theory In cooperation with Yasuchika, who is said to be his eldest son, he destroyed the neighboring lords called "Nakayama Shichina" and expanded his power, laying the foundation of the Matsudaira clan, a feudal lord. However, based on the description in the "History of the Matsudaira Clan," there is a theory that he actually acquired the land through purchase. He built many shrines and temples in his territory, including Kogetsuin, his family temple, and did not spare any assistance to the poor people. In addition to the aforementioned arguments, there is also a theory that doubts the existence of the second generation of the Matsudaira clan, Chikashi and Yasuchika, because their names cannot be found in historical documents of the same period. The year of his birth and death. According to the "History of the Matsudaira Clan", Chikara seems to have died suddenly. There are various theories about the year of birth and death of Chikara, and it has not reached the stage of a definite theory. According to the Folklore of the local town of Matsudaira (Toyota City), he died around the fourth year of the Meitoku reign (1393), and in the fifth year of the Heisei reign (1993), the 600th anniversary of his death was celebrated. In Heisei 5 (1993), Toyota City held the "600th Anniversary of Prince Chikaga" to commemorate the 600th anniversary of his death. As part of the event, a national seminar for castle researchers was held. There are ten different traditions of the date of Chikara's death There are several theories for the year of his birth, such as Eiin6th year (1298) ("Daijuji Records") and Genko2nd year/Shokei1st year (1332) ("Kogetsuin Historical Records"). Relationship with Sakai clan. According to the genealogy of the Sakai clan, who later became a chief vassal of the Matsudaira clan, the founder of the clan, Hirochika, was the son-in-law of the lord of Sakai village in Hekikai County, Mikawa Province, before he succeeded the Matsudaira clan. According to this theory, the Sakai clan is a member of the Matsudaira clan. However, according to the research of Akio Hirano, the Sakai clan arose when the eldest daughter of Matsudaira Nobushige married into Sakai-go. In any case, the Matsudaira and Sakai clans are related. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004512 Sisterhood (2021 film) Sisterhood is a 2021 Macedonian drama film directed by Dina Duma. It was selected as the Macedonian entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 94th Academy Awards. Plot. The friendship between teenagers Maya and Jana comes apart after they upload a sexually explicit video of their classmate. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004546 First Thursdays Devotion The First Thursdays Devotion, also called the Act of Reparation to the Wounds of Jesus and to the Holy Eucharist, is a Catholic devotion to offer acts of reparation and which had its origin in the apparitions of Christ at Balazar, Portugal, reported by Blessed Alexandrina Maria da Costa in the 20th century. This devotion to the Holy Wounds through Eucharistic adoration (especially made in front of the most forgotten and abandoned tabernacles) was approved by the Roman Catholic Church and several promises were made by Jesus to those who practice the First Thursdays Devotion, one of which included the salvation of the soul at the moment of death. Description. According to the words of Jesus Christ through His apparition on 25th February of 1949 to Blessed Alexandrina of Balazar, there are several promises to those who practice the First Thursdays Devotion: "My daughter, My dear spouse, tell souls that I wish to be loved and consoled, and that I desire reparation to be made to Me in the Eucharist. In My Name tell all those who receive Holy Communion with sincerity and humility, fervour and love, for six consecutive first Thursdays, and spend one hour of worship, uniting their soul with Me before the tabernacle, that I promise Heaven. This is to honour My Holy Wounds through the Eucharist, primarily that of My sacred shoulder so little remembered. Those who do this, who unite the sorrows of My Blessed Mother to the Holy Wounds, and in their name ask for graces, be they spiritual or corporal, I promise to grant all requests if they are not a danger to their souls. At the moment of the death I will come to defend them, and bring my Blessed Mother with Me." The devotion consists of several practices that are performed on the first Thursdays of six consecutive months. The number six represents Jesus five wounds of the Crucifixion (hands, feet, and side) plus His shoulder wound from carrying the Holy Cross. On these days, a person is to attend the Holy Mass and receive the Holy Communion in a state of grace "with sincere humility, fervor and love" and spend one hour before a Church tabernacle containing the Blessed Sacrament, meditating on the wounds of Jesus (particularly His often-overlooked shoulder wound which He received from carrying the Cross) and the sorrows of Mary. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004566 Mark Blitz Mark Blitz (born March 15, 1946) is an American political philosopher and Fletcher Jones Professor of Political Philosophy at Claremont McKenna College. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004573 EMjae Frazier eMjae Frazier (born January 29, 2004) is an American artistic gymnast and a member of the United States women's national gymnastics team (2019-Present). She is the younger sister of Margzetta Frazier. Early life. Frazier was born in New Jersey in 2004. She started gymnastics because of her sister, Margzetta. Gymnastics career. Junior. 2018. Frazier qualified as an elite gymnast in early 2018. In early July she competed at the American Classic where she placed 19th in the all-around. Later that month she competed at the 2018 U.S. Classic where she placed 27th in the all-around. 2019. In June Frazier competed at the American Classic where she placed 23rd in the all-around but third on vault. The following month she competed at the U.S. Classic where she placed seventh in the all-around. In August Frazier competed at her first U.S. National Championships. She placed ninth in the all-around and was named to the junior national team for the first time. In November she tore three ligaments in her right knee. Senior. 2020-21. Frazier turned senior in 2020. Most competition were canceled or postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. However she was selected to compete at the Friendship and Solidarity Meet where she was part of the gold medal winning Solidarity Team. Frazier started 2021 competing at the 2021 Winter Cup where she placed 21st on the balance beam. In May she competed at the U.S. Classic where she placed 12th in the all-around. At the National Championships Frazier finished 20th in the all-around and was not selected to compete at the Olympic Trials. In October Frazier finished second at the World selection trials behind Kayla DiCello; as a result she was selected to compete at the 2021 World Championships and she was re-added to the national team. While there she finished ninth on floor exercise and 40th on uneven bars; she did not advance to any event finals. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004589 Alan Cooke (Irish politician) Alan Cooke (died after 1647) was a distinguished civilian lawyer and politician of the seventeenth century. Born in England, he spent many years in Ireland as the surrogate judge of the Irish Court of Admiralty. He also sat in the Irish House of Commons in two Parliaments, and for a time he was a figure of some political importance. Little is known of his life before 1628. He was always referred to as Dr. Cooke, which suggests that he had a doctorate in civil law. He also had the nickname "Alan Pouke". By 1628 he was in Dublin, acting as surrogate to the Irish Admiralty judge, who was also the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, Adam Loftus, 1st Viscount Loftus. The English Crown thought very highly of Cooke, calling him a lawyer "not inferior to any other in his profession of the civil law", and a man who had given "special service to his Majesty" in the Court of Admiralty. It was strongly suggested by the English authorities that he should be made the full time judge of the Court of Admiralty, rather than remain as deputy to Lord Chancellor Loftus. After Loftus's downfall and disgrace in 1638, the Crown instead left his place in the Court of Admiralty vacant. Cooke on his own petition was appointed the permanent Admiralty judge for the province of Leinster in the same year, a position he held till 1647. He also became a master in the Court of Chancery (Ireland). The Crown's high opinion of Cooke seems to have been justified: he was both an able judge and a very conscientious one, who continued to perform his functions even amidst the political turmoil of the 1640s. He clashed with the municipal corporations over their insistence that they had jurisdiction in Admiralty cases (this had been a source of conflict since the Irish Court of Admiralty was first set up in the 1570s), and he was apparently the moving force behind a series of quo warranto cases against them, requiring them to justify their supposed power to hear Admiralty cases, which were brought in the late 1630s by Richard Osbaldeston, the Attorney General for Ireland. Osbaldeston's death in 1640 brought the campaign to curb the corporations' powers to an end. It was Cooke who wrote to the English Government informing them in unemotional terms of the Attorney General's death, and asking for him to replaced at once, partly to continue the quo warranto campaign. In the political turmoil which engulfed Ireland in the following year the office of Attorney General simply lapsed. Cooke also had a serious clash with the Irish judges of the courts of common law over a series of instructions issued by the English Privy Council in 1633 preventing the High Court judges in any Admiralty case from issuing a writ of prohibition, which would prevent the Admiralty judge from dealing with the case. Originally issued to the English judges only, in 1638 the instructions were explicitly extended to their Irish colleagues as well. The Irish judges were naturally infuriated at this removal from their remit of a crucial power, and Cooke, although he was the beneficiary of the instructions, which increased his own power, rightly feared that he would be the target for the judges' revenge: "the judges were bitter against the Admiralty, and no wonder". In 1638 Cooke and one of his deputies, Richard Hatton, were arrested and questioned by the Irish Privy Council, on which all the judges had seats: Hatton was imprisoned and Cooke was fined. The pretext for the council's action was an alleged irregularity in Cooke's handling of a salvage case, but no one doubted that the real cause was the judges' bitterness about the Privy Council instructions. He entered politics, probably at the wish of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford, whose policy it was to build a "Court party" in the Parliament of Ireland, made up of officials, preferably of English birth, whom he trusted. Cooke represented Cavan Borough in the Parliaments of 1634-5 and 1639-49. After the downfall and execution for treason of Strafford in 1640-41, Cooke was for a short time a political figure of some importance. He was one of the leaders of the moderate Protestant party, who pursued a policy of compromise and sought to find common ground with their Roman Catholic colleagues. The outbreak of the Irish Rebellion of 1641 ruined the hopes of the moderate party. Cooke retired from public life in 1647: his date of death is not recorded. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004596 Jose Lacalle Larraga Jose Daniel Lacalle Larraga (21 February 1897 - 21 July 1981) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Air of Spain between 1962 and 1969, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004630 Wan Thamrin Hasyim Wan Thamrin Hasyim (born 27 December 1944) is an Indonesian politician who served as the Governor of Riau between December 2018 and February 2019. Previously, he served as Vice Governor between 2017 and 2018, and was the first regent of Rokan Hilir Regency between 2001 and 2006. Early life. Hasyim was born in Bagansiapiapi, today in Rokan Hilir Regency, on 27 December 1944. He completed his basic education in North Sumatra. Career. In 1974, Hasyim became a civil servant for the Riau provincial government. He was promoted to head of the revenue office in the Riau Islands in 1983, which he served until 1997 when he was promoted to head of the economic bureau for the governor's office. In 1998, he became head of the mining bureau for the province, until June 2000 when he was appointed acting regent of Rokan Hilir Regency. He was later elected by the municipal council to serve as regent between 7 June 2001 and 2006. He did not take part in the 2006 election for the regency. After his tenure as regent, he was the chairman of the Raja Ali Haji Foundation, which operated the in Riau. Hasyim was elected by Riau's provincial legislature on 25 April 2017 as the vice gubernatorial replacement due to the vacancy created by the conviction of Annas Maamun for corruption and the elevation of his deputy Arsyadjuliandi Rachman in his place. He was sworn in on 12 May 2017. On 24 September 2018, with Rachman resigning as governor, Hasyim was appointed as acting governor of Riau, and was appointed as full governor on 10 December 2018. His term expired on 19 February 2019. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004671 American Garden Rose Selections The American Garden Rose Selections (AGRS) is an annual award sponsored by the American rose industry to acknowledge and recommend outstanding rose varieties for different regions of the United States. AGRS replaced the long-established All-America Rose Selections, which was discontinued after 2012. AGRS's first annual award was introduced in 2016. The AGRS selection process involves rose trials in multiple regional test gardens throughout the U.S. Promising rose varieties are grown and evaluated multiple times a year for two years. Only 4% of all the roses tested in the program are selected for the AGRS award. History. The American Garden Rose Selections (AGRS) is an award given annually by the American rose industry to outstanding new rose varieties. AGRS has replaced the All-America Rose Selections Award (1938-2012), considered to be the most prestigious rose award in the U.S. In 2012, representatives from many professional rose organizations came together during "the Great Rosarians of the World" lecture series being held in New York City. They discussed the establishment of a new, more rigorous national rose trial program, one that would identify and recommend the best roses to gardeners who lived in different regions in the U.S. The group decided that the new rose trial test program should more selective than the previous AARS testing program, and require stricter maintenance standards for the AGRS test gardens. Only about 4% of the roses tested in the AARS program are chosen for the AGRS award. The first award winners were introduced in 2016. Rose trials and selection process. The AGRS selection process consists of rose trials at multiple regional test gardens throughout the U.S. Many of the test gardens are located in botanical gardens that are usually open to the public. Promising rose varieties that are submitted to the AGRS program are grown and tested in official test gardens for two years in six different geographical regions. Each region has two test gardens. The roses are evaluated five times each growing season by rose experts. One of the primary goals of the program is the selection of rose varieties that are disease resistant and easy to care for. Evaluators also search for hardiness, excellent flowering, attractiveness, repeat bloom habit, foliage health, plant habit, and fragrance. The AGRS official trial test gardens include: the Chicago Botanic Garden in Glencoe, Illinois, Edisto Memorial Garden in Orangeburg, South Carolina, Mesa Community College Rose Garden in Mesa, Arizona, the Ag Center Botanic Gardens in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Portland International Test Garden in Portland, Oregon, Queens Botanical Garden in New York City, and Boerner Botanical Gardens in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004728 PCA Player of the Year awards The PCA Player of the Year Awards are a set of annual cricket awards. Awards are given for the Men's Player of the Year, Women's Player of the Year, Men's Young Player of the Year and Women's Young Player of the Year, presented to the player who is adjudged to have been the best of the year in their respective category. The winner is chosen by a vote amongst the members of the players' trade union, the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA). The Men's Player of the Year award was first awarded in 1970, whilst the Men's Young Player of the Year award began in 1990. An award named the Women's Player of the Summer was first awarded in 2014, presented to a member of the England women's cricket team who was adjudged to have been the best during that summer. However, in 2021, the awarded was opened up to domestic players, and named the Women's Player of the Year. Finally, the Women's Young Player of the Year award was established in 2021. History. Men's Player of the Year. The winning player is awarded the Reg Hayter Cup, named after a sports journalist who was also a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club, a Lord's Taverner, and a life-member of Surrey County Cricket Club. With the exception of the first year, when a joint award was made, the award has been bestowed upon one individual each season. The award is well regarded by its recipients; the 2014 winner, Adam Lyth exemplified this by claiming that "it's a very proud moment to be voted for by your peers who you've played against all year." The award was first presented in 1970, when Mike Proctor of Gloucestershire and Jack Bond of Lancashire were joint winners. Seven players have won the award more than once, but only Sir Richard Hadlee (1981, 1984 and 1987) and Marcus Trescothick (2000, 2009 and 2011) have been named Player of the Year on three occasions. Two players, Andrew Flintoff and John Lever, have won the award in consecutive years. Representatives of all eighteen first-class cricket counties have won the award. Gloucestershire players have collected the award most frequently, doing so on six occasions, while four of the counties (Derbyshire, Glamorgan, Leicestershire and Sussex) have only had one winner. On nineteen occasions, the PCA Player of the Year has also been named one of the five "Wisden" Cricketers of the Year for that season, and in 2005 Flintoff won the PCA award in the same year as being voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year. The Cricket Writers' Club County Championship Player of the Year was introduced in 2012, and two of the three winners of that award have been the PCA Player of the Year at the same time. Men's Young Player of the Year. The winning player is awarded the John Arlott Cup, named after John Arlott, a cricket journalist and commentator. The award is presented to the player who is adjudged to be the most promising young player in English county cricket. Only players that are aged under 24 on 1 April of the awarding year are eligible for the prize. Michael Atherton was the first winner of the award in 1990. Two players, Kabir Ali and Alastair Cook, have won the award twice, both doing so in successive years; Ali in 2002 and 2003, and Cook in 2005 and 2006. Representatives of thirteen of the eighteen first-class counties have won the award. Yorkshire players have collected the most awards, doing so on six occasions. On three occasions the PCA Young Player of the Year has also been named one of the five "Wisden" Cricketers of the Year; Atherton in 1990, Ben Duckett in 2016 and Jamie Porter in 2017. Duckett is the only player to have won both major PCA awards in the same year, as he was also named PCA Player of the Year in 2016. 18 of the 31 winners have also collected the Cricket Writers' Club Young Cricketer of the Year award, chosen by members of the Cricket Writers' Club, an association of cricket journalists. Women's Player of the Year. First awarded in 2014, the award was originally presented to the member of the England women's cricket team who is adjudged to have been the best of the English summer, as per a vote amongst the members of the team, as the Women's Player of the Summer. Prior to 2014, women had not held professional contracts, and so had not been eligible for membership of the players' trade union, the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA). With the professionalisation of parts of the domestic game during 2020, the award was opened up to domestic players for the 2021 award, with Evelyn Jones becoming the first Women's Player of the Year for her performances for Central Sparks and Birmingham Phoenix. Women's Young Player of the Year. The award was first introduced in 2021, again as part of the further professionalisation of women's domestic cricket. The first winner was Alice Capsey of South East Stars and Oval Invincibles, who was not a professional cricketer or PCA member at the time of her win. References. General Specific 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004748 Ichiban Kasuga , also nicknamed , is a character from Sega's "Ryu ga Gotoku" media franchise, known internationally as "Yakuza". Ichiban is first introduced in the 2018 mobile game "Ryu ga Gotoku ONLINE", a freemium collectible card game spin-off which is exclusively released in Japan. Ichiban is the lead character in the 2020 video game "", the first main series "Yakuza" title which does not feature recurring series lead Kazuma Kiryu as a playable character. Ichiban is voiced by Kazuhiro Nakaya in Japanese, and by Kaiji Tang in English. Within the series, Ichiban is originally a low-ranking member of the Arakawa Family, a subsidiary yakuza family of the Kanto-based Tojo Clan. He willingly goes to prison for a murder that he did not commit at turn of the 21st century, having acquiesced to the request of his clan patriarch, Masumi Arakawa. Upon his release 18 years later, Ichiban discovers that Arakawa has apparently betrayed the rest of the Tojo Clan to the Omi Alliance, a rival yakuza organization based in Osaka, and finds himself stranded in the city of Yokohama after he is shot by Arakawa following an attempted confrontation. A destitute Ichiban starts a new life and forges new connections in an unfamiliar city, where he is eventually thrust into a conspiracy involving a money laundering scheme which involves Japan's political establishment. Ichiban was designed by franchise developers Ryu Ga Gotoku Studio for "Ryu ga Gotoku ONLINE", though a decision was later made by executive director and franchise creator Toshihiro Nagoshi and his team to position Ichiban as the lead character of future mainline entry games. Despite sharing certain traits in their backstories, both characters have little in common with each other in terms of personality, as Ichiban is written to be more emotive and outspoken in temperament. The character has received a generally positive response from critics and players in the video game community, with the consensus that he is a suitable choice to succeed Kiryu's role as the lead character in future games. Concept and design. The end of development for "", which brought Kazuma Kiryu's story arc to a close, coincided with the commencement of development for the 2018 mobile title "Ryu ga Gotoku ONLINE". The "Yakuza" franchise's developers, Ryu Ga Gotoku Studio, wanted to create a new lead character to continue the narrative of the fictional universe they have created. Chief producer and writer Masayoshi Yokoyama noted that their goal after "Yakuza 6" was not to "create the next Yakuza title" but to "create the next protagonist." Realizing that this new protagonist could serve as the franchise's "catalyst for change" by moving away from the exploration of a modern version of a typical Japanese hero in Kiryu, Yokoyama set about creating and portraying a "life-sized hero", a protagonist who is essentially a "normal guy" who is not as strong or mature as Kiryu. To differentiate him from Kiryu, Ichiban is written to be less stoic and more emotive in comparison. Yokoyama positioned Ichiban's personality as the opposite of Kiryu's in many ways: "thoroughly uncomplicated, direct, cheerful, reckless". Toshihiro Nagoshi approved of the decision to change the franchise's lead character from Kiryu to Ichiban. Commenting on the transition of genres between an action-adventure game to a turn-based role-playing game for "Like A Dragon", he said the change occurs because of the different objective, which itself had changed because of Ichiban's different personality to Kiryu's since they speak, think and act differently. Consequently, a storyline starring Ichiban would naturally include more comedic or goofy scenes due to the character's nature. Ichiban is an orphan raised in Kamurocho by Jiro Kasuga, the manager of a soapland, a type prostitution establishment that provides its services based on the exploitation of a loophole in Japanese law. His background of being born and raised in one of Japan's "grey zones" was set from the start. As a major story theme in "Like A Dragon" concerns the struggles of individuals who are not clearly defined by moral absolutes, this allowed the game's writers to position Ichiban from a perspective that humanizes such individuals as common everyday people. Yokoyama does not believe in portraying unconditional good and evil, as he believes that people with criminal records are capable of righteousness, while members of society who are respected by the public are capable of evil. To Yokoyama, Ichiban's comical "fool" deliberately contrasts the dark setting of "Like A Dragon", and that his most important role in the game is to overturning "worldly prejudices" and fight against "invisible discrimination". The character's fascination with "Dragon Quest" serves as the impetus for the series' change from action adventure to role-playing games. Casting. Auditions of the character started early in development to appreciate him sooner. Kazuhiro Nakaya, who previously voiced recurring franchise character Akira Nishikiyama, was one of the candidates who read for the role. Yokoyama said that Nakaya's reading of the character's scripted lines projected a rebellious personality which stood out to the developers. After a discussion between Yokoyama and Nagoshi, Nakaya was chosen for the role. Nakaya interpreted Ichiban as an energetic and vivid character when reading the script. Following the worldwide release of "Like A Dragon" by late 2020, Nakaya indicated in an interview with Famitsu that Ichiban will lead the series for the foreseeable future, and that he was grateful for the support from Takaya Kuroda, Kiryu's voice actor, with regards to the transition. Ichiban's English voice actor, Kaiji Tang describes him as a "whimsical" character who despite being the game's protagonist, he also serves the role of a supporting character due to how he often assists his allies. Tang said that his character is the "opposite" of Kiryu in terms of personality. He believes that Ichiban fits the "Yakuza" setting due to his love towards "Dragon Quest" as well as his heroic demeanor which goes along the new type of gameplay "Like Dragon" provided to the franchise. During recording of the game, Tang befriend Greg Chun as he also voices supporting character Namba and has his cited work as his inspiration. Tang notes that he was able to draw upon his life experiences as an Asian to help with his performance as Ichiban. For example, in a pivotal scene where Ichiban's mentor promises him to take him to try Peking duck, he helped the rest of the cast understand what the dish was by ordering some for them to eat. Appearances. "Yakuza: Like A Dragon". In 2001, "yakuza" Ichiban Kasuga agrees to goes to prison for a murder that he did not commit to repay Arakawa Family patriarch Masumi Arakawa for saving his life in his youth. 18 years later, Ichiban is released from prison. He meets ex-detective Koichi Adachi, who explains that while Ichiban was in jail, Arakawa defects to the Osaka-based Omi Alliance and betrayed the Tojo Clan to the Tokyo Metropolitan Police. Arakawa's son Masato, whom he used to serve as his personal attendant, had apparently died due to illness, the tragedy of which supposedly fuels Arakawa's ruthlessness behind his rise to power. Ichiban is shot by Arakawa when he attempts to confront him. Ichiban is nursed back to health by Nanba, a local homeless man and disbarred nurse. Ichiban starts accepting work from an employment agency to earn a living, and later investigate the Liumang with his friends to learn the truth behind the murder of one of their employers, a soapland proprietor named Nonomiya. Ichiban's investigation embroils him in a conspiracy involving a massive counterfeiting ring being run by the Ijin Three at the behest of a powerful Japanese politician, Yutaka Ogikubo. He also discovers that the anti-crime activist group Bleach Japan is indirectly responsible for Nonomiya's death. After sighting a picture of Ryo Aoki, the upstart Governor of Tokyo and co-founder of Bleach Japan, Ichiban recognizes him as actual living Masato Arakawa. Ichiban learns from Seiryu Clan chairman Ryuhei Hoshino that the counterfeit bill is proof that Arakawa shot him in a non-lethal manner to create a false impression of his demise. Ichiban and the Ijin Three leaders resolve to field a candidate they would endorse to compete with Bleach Japan loyalist Souta Kume's candidacy for the upcoming regional representative election. During their preparations, Ichiban hears of an important Omi Alliance meeting in Osaka that Arakawa will attend. He infiltrates the meeting and finds Arakawa with several Tojo Clan figures. Ichiban learns that Arakawa is a double agent, and that once the Omi chairman, Masaru Watase, is released from prison, he will make a joint announcement with Dojima to disband their respective clans. After facing the Omi, Ichiban reconciles with Arakawa, but is shocked next day to learn of his death. To draw out Aoki in order to confront him, Ichiban decides to enter himself as an electoral candidate with Hoshino's support, but Aoki's henchman Jo Sawashiro assassinates Hoshino. Following his defeat, Sawashiro informs Ichiban that Arakawa's son was switched for his own son as an infant, and implies that Arakawa may have been Ichiban's birth father all along. Ichiban confronts Aoki during an election rally and tricks him into sending his men to the Millenium Tower at Kamurocho after lying about Sawashiro leaking the existence of incriminating evidence at the Arakawa Family office. Ichiban arranges for Aoki to be lured to the Arakawa Family office, and used the opportunity to record incriminating evidence against him and expose his true nature to the general public. Ichiban trails a fleeing Aoki and pleads with him to give himself up. Aoki is about to come around but is fatally stabbed by a disillusioned Kume. Following the funeral service for Arakawa and Aoki, Ichiban decides to remain in Ijincho to stay with his friends. Other appearances. Ichiban first appears in the 2018 "Ryu ga Gotoku ONLINE", which presents an alternate version of his character arc following his release in prison. Unlike in "Like A Dragon", Ichiban never leaves Kamurocho, and encounters a different cast of supporting characters as well as enemies. Ichiban appears as an unlockable player character of the promotional freeware game "Streets of Kamurocho", developed and released as part of Sega's 60th anniversary celebrations in October 2020. Promotion and merchandise. Ichiban Kasuga was first publicly revealed in August 2017 as part of the developer's promotional efforts for the then-upcoming "Ryu ga Gotoku ONLINE". Ichiban was featured prominently in the marketing campaign for "Like A Dragon", such as the game's cover art, promotional trailers, and social media videos. A 2019 gameplay trailer featuring Ichiban and his party engaging enemies in a turn-based RPG battle system was initially interpreted as an April Fools' Day joke due to its gameplay mechanics which was considered unusual for the series, as well as the timing of its release date and its proximity to the 1st of April. A line of "Yakuza" franchise merchandise developed by apparel company SuperGroupie was launched in June 2021, including watches, bags, jackets, and shoes, all of which will have details inspired by Ichiban's appearances in the games. A cologne label titled "Ichiban Kasuga Eau de Toilette", which was developed as a collaboration with fragrance company Fits Corporation, was unveiled during the franchise's 15th anniversary live stream by Sega. Reception. Ichiban was generally well received by critics in their preview commentary of "Like a Dragon". GameSpot compared him to Goro Majima based on similar traits they share "though a lot less deranged", while also noting that he is quite different from Kiryu despite sharing other traits in their backstories. "GamesRadar" enjoyed the game mechanics presented towards Ichiban and his allies, making their wait for the game's release worthwhile. "Eurogamer" describes him as a kind character due to how Ichiban aims to become a hero regardless of not being as intelligent as other "Yakuza" main characters. Ichiban has received a very positive response from the video game community following the release of "Like a Dragon". Michael Higham from "GameSpot" praised Ichiban as an endearing lead character who is immediately loveable and helps gives the franchise "a fresh start". Jorge Jimenez from "PC Gamer" praised Ichiban's optimistic characterization, a "goofy, happy go lucky gangster who loves classic JRPGs", as an effective way of explaining the franchise's drastic genre shift with "Like a Dragon". Leah Williams and Tegan Jones from "Kotaku Australia" welcomed the decision to have Ichiban succeed Kiryu as the new lead character of the franchise, lauding his character arc to be simultaneously moving as well as one filled with ridiculous fun. They believe that Ichiban is a good example of how slapstick humour can be blended seamlessly with high octane action to create an excellent, engaging story. Chris Moyse from "Destructoid" praised Ichiban's character arc for "masterfully blending stoicism, bravery, pathos, heroism, and just the right amount of complete and utter idiocy to immediately win the hearts of the "Yakuza" faithful". German publication "GamePro" lauded Ichiban for his big heart and highly emotive nature, qualities which they feel a lot of protagonist characters lack. On the other hand, Dia Lacina from "Paste Magazine" expressed mixed feelings over Ichiban's portrayal: while Lacina liked that Ichiban is more imminently relatable and achievable as a hero archetype, she criticized the naive speech Ichiban gives to defend Nonomiya's reprehensible behaviour based on his own experience of having grown up under the care of a brothel manager as unconvincing and somewhat insulting. Several publications rated Ichiban as among the best video game characters featured in 2020, a year where "Like A Dragon" saw an international release. Giovanni Colantonio from "Inverse" considered Ichiban to be the best playable protagonist of 2020 because he is allowed to be a naive and flawed character who makes plenty of mistakes, a trait rarely seen in most video game heroes, which led to the best character development of any other character in the industry in his view. Hayes Madsen from "Screen Rant" said Ichiban is the most important protagonist in games for the year 2020, and called him an inspiring character due to his unfailing kindness and warmth of humanity, and that his story arc in "Like a Dragon" put forward meaningful commentary on the inequalities of society. Chingy Nea from "Kotaku" praised Ichiban as the "Yakuza" series' most relatable protagonist and one of its best characters, and the main reason why "Like a Dragon" was a source of comfort and joy for her in late-2020. "Game Informer" ranked Ichiban third place on the publication's list of the top 10 characters of 2020, with Joe Juba commenting that Ichiban's characterization balances the story's tension "with an infectious desire to help the people society overlooks". Naming Ichiban one of the best new characters of 2020, "Destructoid" staff observed that Ichiban managed to fill the void left by Kiryu "with relative ease", and that his immediate popularity with the video game community successfully secures the "Yakuza" franchise's future in their view. The performances of both Kazuhiro Nakaya and Kaiji Tang as the Japanese and English voices of Ichiban were also praised by Polygon and Atomix. Anime News Network in particular enjoyed Tang's performance as "absolutely spot-on" due to the multiple expressions he gives to his character. RPGFan also regarded Tang as one of the best actors in the entire game based on the impact of his deliveries. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004752 2021-22 World Rugby Sevens Series The 2021-22 World Rugby Sevens Series the 23rd annual series of rugby sevens tournaments for national men's rugby sevens teams. The Sevens Series has been run by World Rugby since 1999. Core teams. The core teams remained unchanged from the previous series due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic which curtailed the last two seasons. The sixteen core teams qualified to participate in all 2021-22 tournaments : Tour venues. The schedule for the series : Standings. Due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, World Rugby revised the method used for the series standings in the interest of fairness to teams not able to participate in all rounds of the 2021-22 season. The points awarded to teams at each event, as well as the overall season totals, are shown in the table below. Points for the event winners are indicated in bold. An asterisk (*) indicates a tied placing. An obelisk () is recorded in the event column where a low-scoring round is excluded from a team's overall points total. A dash (--) is recorded in the event column if a team did not compete at a tournament. Placings summary. Tallies of top four tournament placings during the 2021-22 series, by team: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004756 Annie van Stiphout Annie van Stiphout-van de Kerkhof (Helmond, 30 September 1952) is a former Dutch long-distance runner. She was an eight-time Dutch champion at various distances (1500 metres to marathon). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004759 Jacqueline Massabki Jacqueline Massabki was a Lebanese writer and lawyer born in Beirut, Lebanon. She died there on 1 September 2015. Life and work. Jacqueline Massabki was by turns a lawyer and a journalist. She worked as a municipal employee while she studied law at the university. After graduation, she did an internship with Henri Jalkh and Roger Najjar. She married Antoine Boulos Abi Ghosn. Advocate. She was inspired to become an advocate as a young girl, according to an interview she gave to Henoud.I only dreamed of one thing, to do this job. When I was 12 years old, I had seen a movie with Daniele Darrieux, she was wearing the [court robes]. Maybe that's it, I don't know! Massabki specialized in banking and commercial law. In 1965, she ran for election to the council of the Lebanese Bar Association and was the first woman to compete with her male colleagues and win. There she felt she could "finally give voice to a woman, to give her place and a role in this profession where they were still very rare to whisper their claims." She went on to win a second time but declined a third try. She was a member of the International Federation of Women Lawyers and, as such, she represented Lebanon around the world. Her speaking engagements took her to China, the United States, Africa, India, Russia and Germany. Writer. In an interview, Massabki said, "I always wanted to be a writer; besides, I did journalism for a long time in my youth." Her best known work is the novel "La Memoire des cedres (The memory of the cedars)", co-written with Francois Porel, and published in October 1989. She wrote the novel over ten years during the Lebanese civil war (1975-1990) when she was among the massive exodus of almost one million people from her homeland. Later years. Affected by Alzheimer's disease since 2006, Massabki died in 2015 in Beirut, where she is buried in the Ras el-Nabeh cemetery. In the book by Swiss author Gilberte Favre, "La Langue des dieux", the author pays tribute to Massabki. Awards. Massabki's novel, published in October 1989, by Robert Laffont, earned many awards in 1990 including: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004761 Listed buildings in Barnsley (Kingstone Ward) Kingstone is a ward in the metropolitan borough of Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England. The ward contains eight listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The ward is to the southwest of the centre of Barnsley, and is residential. It contains Locke Park, with three listed buildings, a statue, a tower and a bandstand. The other listed buildings are a church, a former stable block, a former public swimming baths, a guest house, and the churchyard walls and railings of a demolished church. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004780 Mukunda Sen Mukunda Sen (sometimes known as Makanda) was the King of Palpa from 1518 to 1553. In 1524, he invaded Kathmandu Valley. After his death in 1553, his kingdom was divided into various kingdoms. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004808 Tsachik Gelander Tsachik Gelander (TSHyk glndr) is an Israeli mathematician working in the fields of Lie groups, topological groups, symmetric spaces, lattices and discrete subgroups (of Lie groups as well as general locally compact groups). He is a professor in Weizmann Institute of Science. Gelander earned his Ph.D. from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 2003, under the supervision of Shahar Mozes. His doctoral dissertation, "Counting Manifolds and Tits Alternative", won the Haim Nessyahu Prize in Mathematics, awarded by the Israel Mathematical Union for the best annual doctoral dissertations in mathematics. In 2018, he was an invited speaker in the International Congress of Mathematicians, giving a talk under the title of "Asymptotic Invariants of Locally Symmetric Spaces." He contributed to the theory of lattices, Fuchsian groups and local rigidity, and the work on Chern's conjecture and the Derivation Problem. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004811 Nagaland State Museum The Nagaland State Museum is a museum located in Bayavu Hill, Kohima, Nagaland. It is operated by the Department of Art and Culture, Nagaland. The museum collects, preserves and displays a comprehensive collection of artefacts including ancient sculptures, traditional dresses, inscriptions from all over Nagaland. The museum was first opened to public on 25 November 1970. The museum is one of the two museums operated by the Directorate of Art and Culture, Nagaland. History. The Directorate of Art and Culture (formerly Naga Institute of Culture) was formed on the 1 November 1964. Its main focus was to research on "Naga Life and Culture" and a Research Library. In early 1970, the Nagaland State Museum building was constructed which also housed the Directorate. The museum which consisted of an ethnographic gallery was formally opened to the public on 25 November 1970. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004830 Maurice Doreal Maurice Doreal (1898 - 1963), born Claude Doggins, was an American conspiracy theorist and founder of the Brotherhood of the White Temple. Occult views. Maurice Doreal claimed that in 1925, he went to the Great Pyramids of Giza and discovered the Emerald Tablet of Thoth, a king of Atlantis. He then claimed that he had "translated" the text. In around 1930, Doreal formed the Brotherhood of the White Temple in Denver, having been involved in Theosophy. He claimed that in 1931, in Los Angeles, he met two Atlanteans who took him to a cave underneath Mount Shasta. Doreal quickly developed a cosmology focused on the inner earth, describing "underground races" he claimed to have learned about from the Atlanteans. Doreal developed theories of an underground serpent race. During the 1950s, Doreal incorporated aliens into his views. He combined these all into a theory that in the second half of the 20th century, the serpent race would ally with the Antichrist. He believed that there were "three types of flying saucers including one piloted by 'serpent people' who were once ice-bound in Siberia, became defrosted and then replaced and overthrew the Communist regime in Russia". In the late 1940s and early 1950s, Doreal relocated the Brotherhood near Sedalia, Colorado, where he predicted that nuclear war would happen in 1953, but that him and his community would be protected by the mountains in the valley they relocated to. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004849 Spain Sevens The Spain Sevens is an annual international rugby sevens tournament as two back-to-back events on consecutive weekends in . The first event held in Malaga at Estadio Ciudad de Malaga and the second held in Seville at Estadio de La Cartuja. These events hosted by the Spanish Rugby Federation as the third and fourth stops on the 2021-22 season of the World Rugby Sevens Series for national men's teams. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004857 Nhean Sosidan Nhean Sosidan (born 11 October 2002) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a forward for Tiffy Army of the C-League, and the Cambodia national team. Club career. For the 2021 season, Sosidan began playing for the senior team of National Defense Ministry FC of the Cambodian C-League. That year he scored his first goal for the club on 14 July 2021 in a league match against Prey Veng FC after coming on as a 77th-minute substitute. That season he was called one of Cambodia's rising stars by Jose Rodriguez T. Senase of the "Khmer Times". International career. In late September 2021 Sosidan was named to Ryu Hirose's squad for two 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualification Play-off matches against Guam and for 2022 AFC U-23 Asian Cup qualification, both of which were scheduled for the following month. He went on to make his senior international debut on 12 October 2021 in the second-leg match against Guam, coming on as a second-half substitute for Lim Pisoth. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004883 Navaratnalu Navaratnalu are a set of nine welfare schemes introduced by Y. S. Jagan Mohan Reddy, the Chief minister of Andhra Pradesh, as promised during Praja Sankalpa Yatra (political campaign tour on foot) before 2019 assembly elections. YSR Rythu Bharosa. Under the scheme, farmers from economically poor backgrounds are financially assisted by the government by depositing Rs13,500 per annum in three installments, in association with Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi with the state government contributing Rs7500 and the center Rs6000. Jagananna Vidya Deevena. Government of Andhra Pradesh has launched a welfare scheme namely "Jagananna Vidya Deevena" where the full fee including the tuition, special and examination fee is reimbursed for students from poor economic backgrounds. YSR Arogyasri. The scheme is the extended version of Aarogyasri launched by late Chief minister of Andhra Pradesh Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy where free health care is provided for all the people of below poverty line once the hospital bill crosses Rs1000 covering 2,200 medical procedures. YSR Jala Kala. Under the scheme, government digs borewells for free benefiting over three lakh farmers hailing from below poverty line. Prohibition of liquor. The revised liquor policy has been introduced in the state where the alcohol is subjected to be banned in a phased manner. All the belt shops in the state have been shut down and the total number of liquor shops in the state have been by 33 percent. Jagananna Ammavodi. The scheme has been launched to encourage parents to send their children to school by depositing Rs15,000 rupees of financial assistance in the bank account of student's mother. Housing for poor. Under the scheme, over 30 lakh houses are subjected to be constructed for citizens living below poverty line which is popularly known as "Navaratnalu Pedalandariki Illu". YSR Pension Kanuka. The pension amount for senior citizens, disabled people and transgenders has been hiked also revising the age eligibility to 60 years from 60 years. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004922 2019 Canadian federal election in Newfoundland and Labrador The 2019 Canadian federal election in Newfoundland and Labrador was held on October 21, 2019 in the 7 electoral districts in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The Liberal Party, led by Justin Trudeau, won 6 of the province's 7 seats, losing one seat to the New Democratic Party and seeing a significant decrease in its share of the popular vote. The Conservative Party, led by Andrew Scheer, did not win any seats but placed second in the popular vote. Results. Full results. ! rowspan="2" colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Party ! rowspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Party leader ! rowspan="2" | Candidates ! colspan="5" | Seats ! colspan="5" | Popular vote ! colspan="15"| #lt;noinclude#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004946 A. N. Yusuff A. N. Yusuff (born on 12 February 1926) was an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He represented Mannarkkad constituency in 5th KLA. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004971 Ze Vitor (footballer, born 2001) Jose Vitor Lima Cardoso (born 9 February 2001), commonly known as Ze Vitor, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for America Mineiro. Club career. Born in Goiana, Pernambuco, Ze Vitor joined America Mineiro's youth setup in 2019, from Betim Futebol. He made his first team - and Serie A - debut on 10 July 2021, starting in a 0-1 home loss against Atletico Mineiro. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004980 P. Kumaran P. Kumaran (26 October 1934 - 26 October 2020) was an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He represented Mannarkkad constituency in 7th KLA. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69004995 Sa som i himmelen (musical) Sa som i himmelen is a 2021 musical with music and lyrics by Carin Pollak and Fredrik Kempe and book by Kay Pollak, Edward af Sillen and Carin Pollak. The story is based on the 2004 Swedish movie "As It Is in Heaven" by Kay Pollak. It tells the story of Daniel Dareus, a successful and world renowned conductor whose life aspiration is to create music that will open people's hearts. After suffering heart attack, he travels back to his hometown of Norrland in the far north of Sweden. Though resistant at first, he begins working with the local choir. They in return help him fix his outlook on life through community spirit and the love of music. "Sa som i himmelen" premiered at the Oscarsteatern in Stockholm, opening to five star reviews. The original cast starred Philip Jalmelid as Daniel, Malena Ernman as Gabriella, Bjorn Kjellman as Arne, Anders Ekborg as Stig and Tuva B Larsen as Lena. Productions have also been staged in Norway Finland and Austria. Production history. Stockholm (2018-20). "Sa som i himmelen" had its premier on the 13th of September 2018 in Stockholm's Oscarsteatern. The limited run was extended multiple times, through to 2020. Oslo (2022). The first international production of "Sa som i himmelen" had its premier at the Oslo Nye Teater on the 30th of January 2020, and it due to return on the 8th of April 2022. Helsinki (2021). Titled "Niin kuin taivaassa", the musical opened in the Helsingin Kaupunginteatteri on the 26th of August 2021. Linz (2021). Austria debuted the original German translation of the musical "Wie im Himmel" in the Landestheater in Linz on the 11th of September 2021. Malmo (2022). A brand new Swedish cast will take to the Malmo Opera stage from the 30th of April 2022. Gothenburg (2022). The entire original Stockholm cast were meant to take the musical to The Theater Gothia Towers in 2020, but this was postponed due to Covid-19. Currently the Gothenburg production is due to run in the Scandinavium instead from 27 May to 5 June 2022. Casts. The principal original casts of the major productions of "Sa som i himmelen". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005004 Regina Antwi Regina Antwi (born 26 November 1995) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who plays as a defender for 1207 Antalya Spor in the Turkish Women's Football Super League, and the Ghana women's national football team. She represented Ghana at the U17 level at two World Cups in 2010 and 2012. She previously played for Hungarian club Diosgyori VTK. Club career. Antwi started her career with Vodafone Ladies before joining Ghatel Ladies Accra. She later joined Hasaacas Ladies in 2012. She would go on to become an integral member of the squad and help the club to win the Ghana Women's Premier League on three consecutive occasions and the 2019 Ghana Women's Special Competition. In 2019, she joined Hungarian side Diosgyori VTK on a two year deal. She played for the Noi NB I for a season, before moving back to Ghana to rejoin her former club. She returned to Hasaacas ahead of the 2020-21 season which she helped the club in winning the treble, the league, the cup and the inaugural 2021 WAFU Zone B Tournament. In 2021, Antwi transerred to 1207 Antalya Spor to play in the Turkish Women's Football Super League. International career. Youth. Antwi made her youth debut for Ghana at under-17 level in 2010. She went on to feature for Ghana at the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Trinidad and Tobago. After gaining experience in the 2010 edition, she was recalled in August 2012, for the 2012 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Azerbaijan. She was one of the key players as the Ghana under-17 team finished in third place by beating Germany in the third place match. At the competition she played in all six games and played 90 minutes in all. Senior. Antwi was part of the Ghana team that placed third at the 2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations. Honours. Hasaacas Ladies Ghana U17 Ghana 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005015 Julio Salvador y Diaz-Benjumea Julio Salvador y Diaz-Benjumea (22 May 1910 - 22 June 1987) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Air of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005016 Jose Baby Jose Baby (born 24 February 1959) is an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He was the Deputy Speaker of 12th KLA. He represented Mannarkkad constituency in 10th and 12th Kerala Legislative Assembly. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005061 Low-nutrient, low-chlorophyll region Low-nutrient, low-chlorophyll (LNLC) regions are aquatic zones that are low in nutrients (such as nitrogen, phosphorus, or iron) and consequently have low rate of primary production, as indicated by low chlorophyll concentrations. These regions can be described as oligotrophic, and about 75% of the world's oceans encompass LNLC regions. A majority of LNLC regions are associated with subtropical gyres but are also present in areas of the Mediterranean Sea, and some inland lakes. Physical processes limit nutrient availability in LNLC regions, which favors nutrient recycling in the photic zone and selects for smaller phytoplankton species. LNLC regions are generally not found near coasts, owing to the fact that coastal areas receive more nutrients from terrestrial sources and upwelling. In marine systems, seasonal and decadal variability of primary productivity in LNLC regions is driven in part by large-scale climatic regimes (e.g. El Nino-Southern Oscillation) leading to important effects on the global carbon cycle and the oceanic carbon cycle. The naming of these regions follows the same format as the more widely known high-nutrient, low-chlorophyll (HNLC) regions, which display high macro-nutrient concentrations but unusually low primary production and chlorophyll concentrations, usually due to lack of micro-nutrients, usually iron-limitation. While the LNLC terminology appears synonymous with oligotrophic, literature in recent decades has predominantly used the term to define oligotrophic ocean areas (as opposed to lakes, rivers, or other bodies of water) in discussions about dust and iron fertilization. Occasionally, LNLC refers to "low nitrate, low chlorophyll," which has a similar meaning. Chlorophyll and primary production. Chlorophylls are the light harvesting pigments employed in photosynthesizing organisms that facilitate the conversion of light into cellular energy for synthesis of organic matter. In aquatic systems, chlorophyll concentrations are frequently used as a proxy measurement for photosynthetic plankton (phytoplankton) abundance and thus the amount of primary production. Chlorophyll concentrations can serve as an estimate for primary productivity. Primary production is the process of converting CO2, either gaseous or aqueous, and other elements into organic compounds. The extent of global primary production therefore controls how much energy is available to in the biosphere. Most primary production in the ocean occurs via photosynthesis, by organisms called phototrophic primary producers. Phototrophs are the foundation of most aquatic food webs, and primary production in the ocean accounts for about half of Earth's carbon fixation. In addition to light and CO2, photosynthesis requires nutrients, such as nitrate, phosphate, silicate, and iron in order for phytoplankton to grow. Primary productivity is therefore controlled by the availability of the limiting nutrient (Liebig's law of the minimum). The Redfield Ratio (106C:16N:1P) describes the general relative proportions of carbon, nitrogen, and phosphorus found in marine biomass. If a given region is limited by a nutrient, the relative proportion of nutrients can deviate from the Redfield Ratio. Due to the low nutrient levels in LNLCs, primary production in these regions is usually limited by one or more nutrients. Physical and biological determinants of nutrient cycling. Phytoplankton growth occurs in the upper ocean, or mixed layer, where sufficient light energy is available and turbulent mixing near the surface increases vertical homogeneity in ocean tracers like temperature, salinity, and density. Nutrient availability in the mixed layer, often a limiting factor for phytoplankton growth, is derived from three primary sources: 1) reintroduced nutrients from deep ocean water that is mixed into surface waters (i.e., new production), 2) recycled nutrients in the surface ocean (i.e., regenerated production), also known as the regeneration loop, and 3) 'external' nutrients introduced from terrestrial or atmospheric input and/or biological processes (such as, nitrogen fixation). LNLC regions result from a combination of processes that limit nutrient availability, primarily: the biological pump, Ekman downwelling, and stratification. The biological pump creates a nutrient gradient, or nutricline, in LNLC regions by exporting organic matter from the surface ocean to the deep ocean before that organic matter (OM) can be respired in the photic zone, thus also exporting the OM-associated nutrients from the photic zone. Nutrients transported to depth below the pycnocline can be reintroduced to the surface through ocean mixing processes (including Ekman upwelling and turbulent diffusion) that bring deep, nutrient-rich waters back to the ocean surface and stimulate primary production. LNLCs don't generally occur in regions with significant upwelling or turbulent diffusion because these areas generally see greater nutrient availability and thus primary production. Lack of reintroduced nutrients can be exacerbated by Ekman downwelling, caused by convergent wind forcing and Ekman transport, which moves water masses downward and removes nutrients from the surface ocean by exporting them out of the photic zone. Downwelling locations are prime LNLC regions, like coastal areas with landward Ekman transport or subtropical gyres. Stratification of the water column due to density gradients associated with temperature (see thermocline) or salinity (see halocline) also limits reintroduced nutrients from deep water by creating less dense water above more dense water that prevents ocean mixing, only allowing minimal nutrient delivery through the slower turbulent diffusion rates. Physical mixing processes caused by wind or storm events may however introduce nutrients from deeper in the water column into the photic zone and stimulate transient phytoplankton blooms. While primary production is limited in downwelling or stratified LNLC regions, other nutrient sources become important for maintaining phytoplankton growth, like recycled surface water nutrients and external nutrients (aforementioned sources 2 and 3). Lower nutrient levels favor the growth of picophytoplankton, whose small size increases heterotrophic nutrient recycling (known as the microbial loop) and reduces the loss of nutrients from the biological pump due to the slower sinking rates of smaller particles. In order to compensate for the low nitrogen/nutrient availability, nitrogen fixation is favored as a mechanism for bringing 'external' nutrients into the surface ocean. Nitrogen fixation is the microbial mediated process that converts biologically unavailable dissolved nitrogen gas, which is readily available in the atmosphere and mixed into oceans through diffusion and wave action mixing, into biologically available ammonium. Catalyzed by the enzyme nitrogenase, nitrogen fixation requires iron and often solar energy, making iron a common limiting nutrient in LNLCs. In areas far from terrestrial sources, iron is predominantly delivered through aeolian dust, naturally derived from arid landmasses (e.g. deserts) or volcanic eruptions, that can travel long distances to supply this critical micronutrient to LNLC regions like open ocean gyres. Productivity in LNLC regions. LNLC regions are estimated to cover around 75% of the global ocean, and despite the generally low per area rates of primary production, an estimated 40% of global ocean productivity occurs in these locations due to their large geographic extent. A majority of the ocean's LNLC regions are within subtropical gyres, although the Mediterranean Sea is another large LNLC region (for more see Example section). In general, LNLC regions have relatively warm, stratified water columns that limit the delivery of new nutrients to the photic zone via upwelling, thus favoring the nutrient "regeneration loop" where the majority of nutrients are recycled between primary producers, grazers and heterotrophic bacteria. Because the regeneration loop is favored in LNLC regions, there are low rates of new production and limited organic matter exported via the biological pump. However, these regions can experience seasonal and episodic nutrient delivery events that increase primary productivity, favoring the "export pathway" (biological pump), where both dissolved and particulate organic matter exit the system, some of which is sequestered in the deep ocean. In subtropical gyres, and more generally in areas with low nutrient availability, phytoplankton communities are generally dominated by picoplankton (cells between 0.2 and 2mm). Picoplankton are smaller than other plankton that dominate higher nutrient regions, and their small volume means they have a larger surface area to volume ratio. Picoplankton can therefore take up nutrients more efficiently than larger plankton with smaller surface area to volume ratios. Picoplankton in subtropical gyres are highly grazed upon by nano- (2-20mm) and micro- (20-200mm) plankton, resulting in fast nutrient cycling, especially of nitrogen and phosphorus, and less export of organic matter and associated nutrients to the deep ocean via the biological pump. Vertical mixing of the water column in winter and spring from storms in LNLC regions can deliver nutrients from deeper in the water column and favor transient increases in primary productivity within ocean gyres. During these events, larger phytoplankton species, such as diatoms, are favored when more nutrients are present, resulting in increased rates of organic matter export to the deep ocean via sinking particulates. While generally low, observed primary productivity in gyres is higher than would be expected based on measured nutrient supply. The excess primary production can be explained by nitrogen fixing organisms that supply the remaining bioavailable nitrogen needed to support observed seasonal primary productivity. Low organic nitrogen levels in surface waters selects for nitrogen-fixing bacteria called diazotrophs. Nitrogen fixing organisms are often iron limited because nitrogenase has two iron-sulfur clusters. Thus, iron delivery via aeolian dust is often associated with increased primary productivity in the subtropical gyres and in the Mediterranean Sea. Variability of LNLC regions. Even with their overall low nutrient availability, LNLC regions are dynamic and experience seasonal variability in size and productivity. For example, the size of the North Atlantic Subtropical Gyre shrinks in winter and expands in summer. Long-term trends indicate that subtropical gyres in the northern hemisphere (North Pacific and North Atlantic) are expanding over time, and the subtropical gyres in the southern hemisphere (South Pacific) are growing weaker and more inconsistent. All LNLC subtropical gyres appear to have long-term trends of increasing sea-level height anomalies (SLA) and sea surface temperature (SST). Increasing SLA is indicative of deepening of both the thermocline and the nutricline, which reduces light and nutrient availability for the phytoplankton community in the mixed layer. Increased SST within LNLC regions contributes to increased stratification of the water column, which generally reduces nutrient inputs to the photic zone from deeper waters. Natural climatic variability events such as El Nino/Southern Oscillation (ENSO) and the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) influence SST in the global ocean with implications for primary productivity and phytoplankton communities. For example, the PDO warm phase increases SST in the equatorial pacific, causing increased stratification of the surface ocean that reduces nutrient availability and favors nitrogen fixing organisms. Seasonal, decadal, and climate change driven variability in nutrient delivery and productivity in subtropical gyres are the subject of ongoing research efforts, as gyres play an important role in the global carbon cycle via the export of organic carbon from the surface ocean. As oceans warm due to climate change and thermal stratification increases, there is concern that all LNLC regions may become more oligotrophic and that other regions in the tropical and subtropical ocean may shift towards lower productivity LNLC systems. The influence of aeolian dust deposition on primary productivity in LNLC regions is also predicted to increase, as more frequent and higher intensity storm events and increasing aridity due to climate change deliver more dust to the ocean. Increased dust delivery to stratified and nitrogen-limited surface waters would favor nitrogen fixing organisms, such as diazotrophs, which would change the existing phytoplankton community structures and increase N2-associated primary productivity. Example LNLC regions. North Atlantic Subtropical Gyre. The Sargasso Sea is the region at the center of the North Atlantic subtropical gyre. Although the Sargasso Sea is generally oligotrophic, rates of primary production are much higher than would be expected of a region with limited nutrients, due to nitrogen fixation, physical forces, and seasonal dynamics. The North Atlantic receives a supply of phosphate (PO43-) from the Arctic Ocean, while nitrate (NO3-) is produced by the nitrogen fixing cyanobacteria, Trichodesmium. Nitrogen fixation relies on a supply of iron (Fe), which is delivered to the Sargasso Sea via dust from the Sahara Desert. Nitrogen fixation rates in the region have increased since the 1970s, in part fueled by an increase in iron deposition due to expansion of the Sahara Desert. Wind-driven downwelling removes nutrients from the surface, but mesoscale eddies transport some of these nutrients back to the photic zone. Additionally, strong vertical mixing in the winter and spring brings nutrients to the photic zone, which causes a spring bloom of phytoplankton. Photosynthesis near the bottom of the photic zone, as opposed to closer to the surface, has also been shown to be an important contributor to primary production in the Sargasso Sea. North Pacific Subtropical Gyre. The North Pacific Subtropical Gyre (NPSG) is one of the ocean's largest of the gyres. Primary production in these oligotrophic waters is generally limited by nitrogen, followed by phosphorus and iron. The NPSG's salinity stratification creates a two-layer ocean in which the upper layer (0-80 m) of the water column is nutrient limited and primary production is supported by nitrogen fixation and recycled nutrients, while the lower layer's production is light limited. Seasonal and decadal climatic events (ENSO and PDO) affect sea surface temperature and other nutrient patterns, influencing biological processes. For example, during the 1997-1998 ENSO event, NO3--based production accounted for a larger fraction of primary production while particulate carbon export increased. This LNLC region is relatively well studied through the Hawaii Ocean Time-series (HOT) monitoring program (see Monitoring section). South Pacific Subtropical Gyre. The South Pacific Subtropical Gyre lies in one of the most remote regions of the ocean, and consequently it has been poorly studied. From the studies that have investigated this region, we know that nitrogen is the most limiting nutrient, followed by phosphorus. Input of iron via dust transport is very limited to this region because of its distance from major landmasses. This aeolian flux of iron is 1 to 2 orders of magnitude lower than the central Atlantic and the concentration of dissolved iron across the gyre is only ~0.1 nM. For comparison, the average iron concentrations in the open ocean is ~0.7nM. Despite the low iron concentrations, only the border of the gyre demonstrates iron limitation, while the center does not. It's theorized that this is due to the high stability of the SPSG, which has allowed for phytoplankton populations to adapt to the highly oligotrophic conditions. Mediterranean Sea. The Mediterranean Sea is generally oligotrophic with a strong west to east gradient of increasing oligotrophy; nutrients, chlorophyll-a concentrations, and rates of primary production all decrease from west to east. While most regions of the ocean are nitrogen-limited, the Mediterranean Sea is generally phosphorus-limited. The biogeochemical characteristics of the Mediterranean Sea are enforced by its anti-estuarine circulation: nutrient-depleted surface water from the Atlantic Ocean enters the Mediterranean via the Strait of Gibraltar, and dense, saline intermediate water formed in the eastern Mediterranean flows westward back into the Atlantic Ocean. This anti-estuarine circulation occurs because net evaporation in the Mediterranean is greater than net precipitation. In addition, because there is limited upwelling, bioavailable nutrients in the intermediate water are transported out of the Mediterranean Sea, leaving the surface water nutrient-depleted. Monitoring LNLC regions. Monitoring the characteristics of LNLC regions in the ocean is difficult due to the size, remoteness, and conditions of the regions. The ocean is a challenging environment for data collection because instruments and systems must withstand harsh conditions. Additionally, robust data collection and observation requires adequate funding and cooperation among nations and organizations, which has been difficult to achieve. Despite these challenges, there are collaborative projects and stations that utilize both in-situ and remotely sensed data to monitor the conditions of the global ocean. Satellite instruments. Satellite imagery provides large-scale data to monitor the extent and characteristics of the subtropical gyres, and more broadly, the global oceans. Sensors used for ocean monitoring have spatial resolutions (pixel size) ranging from 200 meters to 4 kilometers, and have revisit frequencies ranging from 10 minutes to multiple days. Ocean color radiometry involves measuring the reflectance of light from ultraviolet, visible, and infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum. These data can be used to calculate chlorophyll-a concentrations after correcting for variables such as atmospheric scattering. Remotely-sensed ocean color data is calibrated and validated by in-situ measurements using various instruments, including MOBY (marine optical buoy), a sensor deployed near Lanai, Hawaii that measures light near and at the surface of the water. For a more comprehensive description of satellite instruments used for ocean color analysis, see ocean color. Seagoing instruments and methods. Many types of instruments can be used to collect in-situ samples and data from the ocean. These instruments can be deployed onboard ships, on moorings, on floats or drifters, and on ROVs. Example instruments and methods of collection include, but are not limited to, the following: Monitoring stations and programs. Station ALOHA (A Long-term Oligotrophic Habitat Assessment). In 1988, Station ALOHA (A Long-term Oligotrophic Habitat Assessment) was established by the University of Hawaii with funding from the National Science Foundation. The goal of ALOHA is to collect data over a long temporal scale to better understand the physical and biogeochemical dynamics of the North Pacific Subtropical Gyre. The deep-water station () is the primary site for the HOT (Hawaii Ocean Time-series) program and provides researchers with water column data, including the thermohaline structure, primary production measurements, and chemical composition. Additionally, a collaborative project between the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and HOT, called WHOTS, collects data at an ALOHA surface mooring. WHOTS provides the atmospheric and upper-ocean data to HOT, including heat, water, and chemical fluxes between the ocean and atmosphere. BATS (Bermuda Atlantic Time-series Study). In 1988, BATS (Bermuda Atlantic Time-series Study) was established by the Bermuda Institute of Ocean Sciences to examine the oceanography and biogeochemical processes in the Sargasso Sea. The goal of BATS is to understand the role of the Sargasso Sea, and more broadly the North Atlantic Ocean, in the global carbon cycle. BATS is one of three time-series studies in the Sargasso Sea near Bermuda; Hydrostation 'S' collects physical oceanography data, and the OFP (Ocean Flux Program) focuses on particle transport in the region. Mediterranean programs. MOOSE (Mediterranean Ocean Observing System for the Environment) is a France-based network of near-shore and off-shore stations that monitor the northwest Mediterranean Sea. The main purpose of MOOSE is to provide long time-series data for the study of the hydrologic cycle, marine ecosystems, and biogeochemical properties of the northwest Mediterranean. MONGOOS (Mediterranean Oceanography Network for the Global Ocean Observing System) was established in 2012 as an extension of the Global Ocean Observing System (GOOS). MONGOOS is a collaborative network of over 40 European institutions with the goal of improving oceanographic research in the Mediterranean. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005070 Juan Castanon de Mena Juan Castanon de Mena (10 April 1903 - 27 April 1982) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Army of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005077 Kenta Fukuda is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a scrum-half. He currently plays for Toyota Verblitz in Japan's domestic Japan Rugby League One. He was signed to the Sunwolves squad for the 2020 Super Rugby season, but did not make an appearance for the side.#lt;ref name="hitokomiyunikeshiyonzu sanurubuzu Xin Jia Ru Xuan Shou nooZhi rase 10/2/2020"#gt;#lt;/ref#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005080 Niagara Purchase The Niagara Purchase (also known as Treaty 381) was an agreement between certain Mississauga peoples and the British crown signed in 1781. Under this agreement, the Mississaugas "grant, bargain, sell, release and confirm to our said Sovereign Lord King George the third" a tract of land bordered on the north by Lake Ontario, on the south by Lake Erie, and on the east by the Niagara River and extending six-and-a-half kilometres to the west. The Mississaugas accepted 300 suits of clothing as payment. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005090 Ruth Kissam Ruth Kissam is a community organizer and a human rights activist who has focused on Sorcery Accusation Related Violence (SRV) in Papua New Guinea. She was awarded the Westpac Outstanding Woman (WOW) Award in Papua New Guinea in 2018. Early life. Ruth Jewels Kissam was born in Enga Province. Her father worked as an interpreter for missionaries, which required him and his family to frequently relocate to different villages. Graduating from high school in 1998 she, with support from her father, resisted pressure from some family members for her to marry, because they wanted to benefit from the bride price, and went to the University of Papua New Guinea in PNG's capital, Port Moresby, to study law. She did not complete her degree because of the need to return home to look after her siblings when her mother was ill. Career. While she was with her family, Kissam began to work with local communities to build and maintain their airstrip and build school classrooms. In settlement areas near PNG's third-largest city of Mount Hagen she ran a sports program called "Sanap Wantaim" (Stand up together), to share information about HIV and AIDS. She arranged a mentorship programme for young girls in 2009 called "Women of Wisdom", aiming to help girls adjust to going to university. She also organised various communities to police themselves. Through her community-engagement work she came across the body of a woman accused of sorcery who had been murdered. She ensured that the woman had a proper burial. This was the beginning of her work on sorcery-accusation related violence, which is a major problem in Papua New Guinea. Kissam then worked at Malaumanda Development Corporation (Aiaba Minerals), a mining company owned by indigenous landowners, advocating for the right of indigenous people to control the development of their own land. She then moved to a law company, addressing gender-based violence and sorcery accusation related violence. In 2013, she collaborated with others to play a critical role in repealing the colonial Sorcery Act of 1973 and amending the criminal code to include crimes committed on allegations of sorcery. In 2016, she became director of operations for the PNG Tribal Foundation, a nonprofit organization that works in areas of maternal and child health, education, and gender-based violence. She led the "Senisim Pasin" (Change Behaviour) film campaign, a national campaign to change cultural attitudes about how women are valued in PNG. In 2021, she joined Catalpa International, an international development organization working in PNG, that aims to use technology to create lasting developmental impact. In 2021, Kissam was the president of the board of the Advancing PNG Women Leadership Network and a committee member of the PNG National Human Rights Commission. Further training. In 2015 Kissam participated in the IREX Community Solutions Program at George Mason University in Virginia, USA. This program is for already engaged community leaders to strengthen their skills to impact the complex economic, environmental, political, and social challenges in their communities. In 2017 she was a participant in California at the annual Draper Hills Summer Fellowship Program on Democracy and Development at Stanford University's Center for Democracy, Development and the Rule of Law. In 2019-20 she was the first Papua New Guinean to be an Obama Foundation scholar at Columbia University in New York City, as well as being an intern at the Foundation. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005094 Victor Barisev Victor Viktorovich Barisev (; born 3 July 1978) is a Moldovan former footballer who played as a midfielder. Club career. Barisev spent most of his career in Moldova, but also played in Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan. International career. Barisev made his debut for the Moldova national team on 9 February 2002 in a friendly match against Lithuania. He made 13 appearances in total for Moldova between 2002 and 2005. Personal life. His father, Victor Yurievich Barisev, was a footballer and football coach in the Soviet Union and Moldova. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005095 A. Subba Rao (politician) A. Subba Rao (October 1919-14 September 2003) was an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He was former minister for Irrigation in Kerala from 25-01-1980 to 20-10-1981. He represented Manjeshwar constituency in 6th and 7th Kerala Legislative Assembly. He was member in Rajya sabha from 1958 to 1964. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005113 That Woman Is Poison! That Woman Is Poison! is an album by the American R#amp;B musician Rufus Thomas. Originally recorded for King Snake Records, it was released in 1988 via Alligator Records. Thomas was in his seventies when he made "That Woman Is Poison!" Production. The backing band was put together by Bob Greenlee, the owner of King Snake. The musicians included the saxophonist Noble "Thin Man" Watts and the harmonica player Lazy Lester. "That Woman Is Poison!" was recorded in Sanford, Florida. "The Walk" jokingly alludes to both Thomas's age and his previous dance hits "The Funky Chicken" and "Walking the Dog". Critical reception. The "Chicago Reader" thought that Thomas "grinds out his blues with a sweaty crunch that puts to shame men 30 years his junior, and his sense of humor is as wicked as ever." "The Crisis" wrote that "Thomas uses a traditional blues sound, but struts his way through the vocals with a characteristic smirk." The "Edmonton Journal" determined that Thomas's "voice still contains the same rich textures as in the past, yet it lacks a sense of urgency." "The Globe and Mail" called Thomas "still a great singer, with a full, throaty voice and a great sense of comic timing." The "Sun Sentinel" praised the "blistering" original songs, and wrote that the "horn work and arrangements are first rate." The "Chicago Tribune" concluded that "despite his years, Thomas is in top voice and spirit as he blusters, struts, hams it up, deftly draws from both Memphis blues and soul." AllMusic deemed it "a masterful comeback album from a blues and soul veteran who was assumed to be ready for the retirement home." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005116 Adolfo Baturone Colombo Adolfo Baturone Colombo (24 February 1904 - 9 November 1999) was a Spanish admiral who served as Minister of the Navy of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005125 Tensha-en Tensha-en (Japanese: Tian She Yuan , "Tensha-en") is a Japanese garden located in Uwajima, Ehime south of Uwajima Castle. Built by Date Munetada, the 7th lord in the Date clan, in 1866, it is one of the last gardens built by a daimyo. In 1672, the 2nd lord of Uwajima, Date Munetoshi, reclaimed land from the sea for the lord's palace which eventually became the site of the garden. Tensha-en is an example of borrowed scenery (Japanese: Jie Jing , "shakkei"), framed by Mount Onigajo and the surrounding mountain range. It includes a pond in the shape of the kanji for 'heart' (Xin ) and features a calligraphy room called Harusametei (Chun Yu Ting ) in the center of the garden. It is adjacent to the Uwajima City Date Museum, southwest of Uwajima Castle. Overview. The name of the shrine comes from a kanshi poem written by Date Masamune (Ma Shang Shao Nian Guo Shi Ping Bai Fa Duo Can Qu Tian Suo She Bu Le Shi Ru He ), referring to a place of heavenly forgiveness. After a visit from Emperor Hirohito and Empress Nagako in 1966, Tensha-en was designated as a Place of Scenic Beauty (Ming Sheng , "meisho") in 1968 (Showa 43). Over twenty species of bamboo, as well as wisteria and iris, can be found in the garden. The arched bridge over the pond is notable for being lined with "nobori-fuji", ascending wisteria, which is popular with tourists in April when the flowers are in bloom. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005127 Chang Ho Ahn is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a prop. He currently plays for Yokohama Canon Eagles in Japan's domestic Japan Rugby League One. He was signed to the Sunwolves squad for the 2020 Super Rugby season, but did not make an appearance for the side.#lt;ref name="2020shizun toreningusukotsudoZhui Jia Fa Biao !15/01/2020"#gt;#lt;/ref#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005133 M. Ramappa M. Ramappa (8 July 1922-25 July 1991) was an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He represented Manjeshwar constituency in 5th Kerala Legislative Assembly. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005136 Ransom L. Richardson Ransom Lloyd Richardson (January 25, 1873 - March 11, 1959) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. Life. Richardson was born on January 25, 1873 in Angelica, New York, the son of David P. and Julia S. Richardson. Richardson attended the local village school. He was in the public schools in Washington, D.C. when his father was in Congress. He then went to the Newton Collegiate Institute in Newton, New Jersey. He graduated from Wilson Academy in Angelica in 1891. He then went to Cornell Law School, graduating from there in 1895. He was admitted to the bar in 1894, and in 1895 he opened a law office in Fillmore and practiced law there. His 1895 thesis from Cornell, "Mistake," was about mistakes in court. Richardson served as town supervisor from 1906 to 1911. In 1911, he was elected to the New York State Assembly as a Republican, representing Allegany County. He served in the Assembly in 1912 and 1913. Richardson practiced law for over 57 years. He was married to Ruth L. Their children were Mrs. P. Austin Bleyer of Rochester, David P. of Fillmore, Ransom L. of Flint, Michigan, and Warren S. of Washington Grove, Maryland. Richardson died at home on March 11, 1959. He was buried in Pine Grove Cemetery in Fillmore. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005139 Francisco Isidoro Resquin Francisco Isidoro Resquin Xara was a Paraguayan general during the War of the Triple Alliance. He was considered to be one of the most brilliant generals of the war and his writings are one of the main primary sources on the conflict. Biography. After completing his first studies at the school of his teacher Tellez in Asuncion, 1 in 1841, during the government of Carlos Antonio Lopez, Resquin joined the Paraguayan Army. In 1849 he was a captain and in 1859, was promoted to colonel. With his hierarchy, he was part of General Lopez's entourage in his mediation before the War between the Argentine Confederation and the state of Buenos Aires. Upon his return he was appointed commander of the Concepcion garrison, where he organized a cavalry corps that would have an outstanding performance in the Mato Grosso campaign. When General Wenceslao Robles fell from grace, in June 1865, Resquin was promoted to brigadier general and appointed commander of the South Division. By order of the Marshal he retreated to Paraguay by crossing the Parana River with his troops and more than one hundred thousand heads of cattle from the Corrientes Province that were herded by his army. His performance in the Battle of Tuyuti earned him the National Order of Merit and the functions of Chief of the General Staff of Lopez. He fought in the Battle of Lomas Valentinas on December 26, 1868. 1 He established the Headquarters in Ascurra, Resquin assumed command of the 1st Army Corps and organized the withdrawal of Lopez, his cabinet and entourage. He was promoted to major general in San Estanislao, Resquin continued in the vanguard of the retreat to organize the camp at Cerro Cora. Juan Crisostomo Centurion affirmed that with regard to the events of Cerro Cora, the Historical Relationship of Resquin is inaccurate and has little value because it is that of However, the Paraguayan historian Juan E. O'Leary affirms that: He remained a prisoner of war in Brazil until his return to Paraguay, when President Juan Bautista Gill entrusted him with the organization of the first postwar Paraguayan army. General Resquin died in San Pedro de Ycuamandiyu in 1882. He was the only Paraguayan general of the war who left written testimony, his work was titled "Historical Data of the Paraguayan War against the Triple Alliance". A witness portrays him like this: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005162 December 2021 Tobago House of Assembly election House of Assembly elections were held in Tobago on 6 December 2021, to elect all 15 members of the Tobago House of Assembly. The election was called following a deadlock created by the January 2021 elections which resulted in a tie between the People's National Movement (PNM) and the Progressive Democratic Patriots (PDP); with both parties winning six seats. As a result, the number of seats in the legislature was increased from 12 to 15 (an odd number) to avoid potential ties in the future. The result was a victory for the Progressive Democratic Patriots in a historic 14-1 achievement over the People's National Movement, ending 21 consecutive years of control over the Assembly. Tobago PNM leader Tracy Davidson-Celestine also lost her constituency election. The incumbent Chief Secretary of Tobago, Ancil Dennis of the PNM, who held a caretaker role since 6 May 2020 due to the resignation of then Chief Secretary Kelvin Charles as a result of the January 2021 election deadlock, was succeeded by Farley Chavez Augustine of the PDP. Augustine was sworn in as the 5th Chief Secretary of the Tobago House of Assembly on 9 December 2021. Background. January 2021 Tobago House of Assembly election. The January 2021 Tobago House of Assembly election was held on 25 January 2021 where 12 members were elected in the eleventh election since the Assembly was established in 1980. This election marked the first time in history an electoral deadlock in the Assembly occurred, where the People's National Movement (PNM) and the Progressive Democratic Patriots (PDP) won an equal number seats of 6-6, triggering a constitutional crisis with both political parties and Prime Minister Dr. Keith Rowley seeking senior counsel advice on the way forward. This election was the first time after 20 years in power that the PNM lost its absolute majority. THA Amendment Act 2021. To break the deadlock and a solution to the constitutional crisis, an intervention by the Parliament of Trinidad #amp; Tobago passed and assented the THA Amendment Act in March 2021 allowing the Election and Boundaries Commission (EBC) the mandate to increase the number of seats in the Tobago's regional assembly from 12 to an uneven 15 in order to avoid potential seat ties in the future. On September 15th, the Trinidad and Tobago House of Representatives passed the EBC (Local Government and Tobago House of Assembly) (Tobago) Order by a margin of 21-18, after which it was passed in the Senate. The bill added three new seats: Lambeau/Lowlands, Darryl Spring/Whim, and Mt St George/Goodwood where two of the original districts were slightly modified under the bill. After the Act being signed into law by the President of the Republic of Trinidad #amp; Tobago, on 6 October 2021, Chief Secretary Ancil Dennis announced that the December 2021 THA elections were to be held on 6 December 2021. Lead candidates. Incumbent Minority Leader in the Tobago House of Assembly, Progressive Democratic Patriots (PDP) political leader and Public Services Association President Watson Duke publicly reaffirmed his endorsement of the incumbent assembly member for Parlatuvier/L'Anse Fourmi/Speyside and PDP deputy political leader, Farley Chavez Augustine, as the party's lead candidate for the election. Following the January 2021 Tobago House of Assembly election on 25 January, 2021, Tracy Davidson-Celestine, leader of the PNM Tobago Council made history as the first female political leader that was elected to the Assembly and the first time a woman led a major political party or a political party with representation in the Assembly. Her endorsement was reaffirmed by the PNM Tobago Council and the Political Leader of the PNM Dr. Keith Rowley. New political party. On 1st August 2021, Emancipation Day, a new political party called The Innovative Democratic Alliance (IDA) was launched by former PNM member Dr. Denise Tsoiafatt-Angus who ran unsuccessfully as an independent in the January 2021 elections for the Scarborough/Calder Hall seat. On November 2021, the party unveiled 12 candidates for the December 6 elections with Tsoiafatt-Angus competing for the Bethel/New Grange seat. Electoral system. All fifteen members are elected via first-past-the-post. All Tobagonians and Commonwealth citizens aged 18 or over, legally resident in Tobago and who have resided in an electoral district for at least two months prior to the election date are entitled to vote in the elections. Campaign. With the loss of four seats to the PDP in the January 2021 THA elections resulting in a 6-6 deadlock, the PNM lost their majority in the Assembly after 20 years of control solidifying their trend of decline and weakness that began after the 2017 THA elections. With the stakes even higher than the January elections, the PDP campaigned on being an indigenous Tobagonian party proposing a change of the current order to attain independent self-government and equality of status to Trinidad within the Republic. The PNM focused on their 20 years of stable leadership of the Assembly, their management during the Covid-19 pandemic, and the continuous forging of sustainable development throughout the island. Concerns were raised that Trinidadian personalities were attempting to influence the Tobagonian electorate both on the ground and on social media. Accusations were then levelled towards the Election and Boundaries Commission (EBC) for gerrymandering in favor of the PNM with the creation of three new seats as a solution to the 6-6 deadlock. During the campaign trail past issues were rehashed; the incomplete Main Ridge Forest zip line project and the leadership decisions of Tracy Davidson-Celestine surrounding the resignation of Kelvin Charles as Chief Secretary and the expulsion from the PNM Tobago Council of the then-Presiding Officer (now IDA founder) and Political Leader, Dr. Denise Tsoiafatt Angus. As for the PDP, allegations were made that they were a proxy for the United National Congress (UNC) with the aim for Tobago to secede from Trinidad. Also, the leadership role and past decision making of controversial political leader Watson Duke as Public Services Association President were highlighted. Questions were raised about his treatment towards women, including the issue of being charged with rape in 2016 that is still ongoing before the court. As a tactical change from the January elections, Duke took a reserved approach as Political Leader with Farley Augustine being pushed to the frontline as the face of the PDP. In the final weeks of the campaign, lewd videos and leaked WhatsApp voice notes began circulating on social media of PNM candidate for Parlatuvier/L'Anse Fourmi/Speyside Franka Cordner making disparaging remarks towards THA Chief Secretary Ancil Dennis and Member of Parliament for Tobago East Ayanna Webster-Roy, remarks that Cordner has since apologized for. Meanwhile in Trinidad, the UNC accused the Prime Minister Dr. Keith Rowley, himself a Tobagonian and the political leader of the PNM, for failing to declare to the Integrity Commission his interest in the Inez Gate Private Development at Shirvan Road, Mount Pleasant. This charge was vigorously defended and dismissed by Dr. Rowley in a media conference accusing the UNC of intervening and assisting the PDP in the final week of the election campaign. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005199 Mariano Cuadra Medina Mariano Cuadra Medina (12 May 1912 - 2 March 1981) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Air of Spain between 1974 and 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005200 Walter Husemann Walter Husemann (2 December 1909 in Ellerbek; 13 May 1943 in Plotzensee Prison, Berlin) was a German communist and resistance fighter against the Nazi regime. As a young man, Husemann trained an industrial toolmaker, before training as a journalist. He became interested in politics and joined the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). With the arrival of the Nazis in 1933, he became a resistance fighter and through his wife, the actor Marta Husemann, he became associated with an anti-fascist resistance group around Harro Schulze-Boysen and Arvid Harnack that was later called the Red Orchestra by the Gestapo. Along with John Sieg whom he met in the KPD and Fritz Lange, and he wrote and published the resistance magazine, The Internal Front "Die Innere Front". Life. Husemann was born to Wilhelm and Luise Husemann. After training as a lathe operator, in an apprenticeship, he organised a strike for better wages and was dismissed. In 1924, Husemann became a member of the Young Communist League of Germany and in 1929 became director of the Anti-Fascist Young Guards, the youth organisation of the , in the randenburg area. In 1930, Husemann met Marta Wolter, a KPD member and actor who had been in Gunther Weisenborn's and Bertolt Brecht's play, "The Mother" and Brechts "Kuhle Wampe". In 1932, the couple moved in together an apartment in Mannheim. From 1930 to 1933, he worked as a trainee editor for several communist newspapers including the Die Rote Fahne, the Ruhr-Echo in Essen, the Sozialistische Republik in Cologne and the Mannheimer Arbeiterzeitung in Mannheim. In 26 November 1936, Husemann, his wife and father were arrested for helping a communist official hide. He and his father were sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp without undertaking any trial proceedings, while his brother managed to escape and move to Moscow. Husemann was sent to Buchenwald concentration camp where he worked as a camp librarian until September 1938, when he was released. Marta was sent to Moringen concentration camp where she remained until June 1937, when she was released, after being seen by Heinrich Himmler who thought she "looked too Aryan". When he was released from prison in September 1938, Husemann went back to work as a toolmaker. Through Marta his wife, who had worked with Gunther Weisenborn, he was introduced into a resistance group around Harro Schulze-Boysen and Arvid Harnack. Husemann became an important member of Harro Schulze-Boysen group and would receive the pamphlets the group had written. Husemann remained with the group during its transition from an underground political faction that resisted into an espionage organisation. In December 1941, John Sieg began publishing "The Internal Front" (German:Die Innere Front) on a regular basis. Husemann through contact with fellow KPD member Wilhelm Guddorf, became involved in writing articles for the magazine. Arrest. On 9 September 1942, Husemann was arrested at his employer. When he was interrogated, he tried to jump out a closed top-floor window. Husemann was sent for trial by the 2nd Senate of the Reichskriegsgericht, who announced on 26 January 1943 a sentence of death for "preparation for high treason and aiding and abetting espionage". He was executed on 13 May 1943 at Plotzensee Prison. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005208 Estadio Jose Lopez Portillo Estadio Jose Lopez Portillo is a stadium in Chetumal, Quintana Roo, Mexico. It is primarily used for soccer, and is the home field of Yalmakan F.C. and Deportivo Chetumal. It holds 6,600 people. History. The stadium was opened on March 13, 1980, however, until 1982 it began to host official matches. Between 2008 and 2009 it was the field of the Potros Chetumal, a reserve team of Atlante F.C. who played in the Primera Division 'A'. In 2018 the stadium underwent a remodeling so that it could host matches of the Liga Premier de Mexico, the third level of Mexican football, because from that year on it became the stadium of the Yalmakan, a team that competes in that league. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005222 G. Padmanabhan Thampi G. Padmanabhan Thampi (1929-26 November 2002) was an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He represented Thiruvalla constituency in 1st Kerala Legislative Assembly. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005231 Nicholas Macdonald Sarsfield Cod'd Nicholas Macdonald Sarsfield Cod'd ( 1778 - ?) was an Irish pretender who claimed genealogical connections to medieval Irish royalty and to the Palaiologos dynasty, the last ruling dynasty of the Byzantine Empire. Through his invented Palaiologos descent, Sarsfield in 1830 attempted to push his claim on the throne of the recently established Kingdom of Greece. Though he wrote to prominent nobles in the United Kingdom, including King William IV, and might have contacted other monarchs, he did not manage to rally any support. Biography. Nicholas Macdonald Sarsfield Cod'd was born in Ireland 1778. At some point prior to 1820, Sarsfield apparently lived in France. Per an 1816 description, Sarsfield had "chestnut hair and eyebrows, a middling forehead, blue eyes, regular nose, middling mouth, chestnut beard, round chin, oval visage, high complexion". On 18 May 1823, Sarsfield wrote to the British Home Office to request the return of "certain titles and dominions in Ireland" to him by the right of his lineage. The letter had no effect. In 1830, while living on Duke Street in Wexford, Sarsfield petitioned Lords Aberdeen and Palmerston to press his "ancestral" claim to the recently established Kingdom of Greece, which had been offered to the young prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. In his letter, Sarsfield referred to himself as "the Comte de Sarsfield of the Order of Lidelity, Heir and Representative to his Royal Ancestors Constantines the last Reigning Emperors of Greece subdued in Constantinople by the Turks" and he included a large genealogical tree which traced his descent both from the Palaiologos dynasty (the last reigning dynasty of the Byzantine Empire) and from the medieval Irish king Diarmaid mac Murchadha. The claimed Palaiologos descent was through the female line, though Sarsfield considered himself the legitimate senior heir. Sarsfield's attempt to claim the Greek throne is noteworthy since multiple European nobles who were offered the throne, including Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (who later instead became the king of Belgium as Leopold I), declined the Greek throne due to the dangers posed of becoming the sovereign of such a new and potentially turbulent country, exhausted after ten years of fighting for independence from the Ottoman Empire. Sarsfield sent his letter to Lord Aberdeen on 29 May, and his letter to Lord Palmerston on 24 December. Both letters included slightly random capitalisation and very sparse punctuation. In his letters, he wrote that he hoped the lords would forward his letter to the Greek government for the consideration of the Greek people. His letter to Lord Palmerston also included a collection of testimonials and recommendations by people he knew, including several priests. Annoyed that the lords did not acknowledge his petition, Sarsfield wrote to the king, William IV, but received no response, and also proposed to write to Charles X of France, Nicholas I of Russia, Frederick William III of Prussia and Pope Pius VIII, though it is unknown if any letters were ever sent to them. In his letter to William IV, Sarsfield wrote that the monarchies of Europe had acted improperly in attempting to force a usurper (Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha) on the Greek people, "to the exclusion of the petitioner", but that Leopold had acted appropriately in resigning the throne. Sarsfield was not destined to become "Nicholas I of Greece"; no reply was ever sent by William IV, nor by any other potential monarch contacted. Sarsfield's petitions to Lords Aberdeen and Palmerston were rediscovered in 1931 and published by the historian Arthur Charles Frederick Beales, who thought it tragic that Sarsfield would now again be regarded in the same way he was probably regarded by his contemporaries, "a huge joke". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005381 Minehead Town Hall Minehead Town Hall is a municipal building in The Parade, Minehead, Somerset, England. The structure, which is the meeting place of Minehead Town Council, is a Grade II listed building. History. The first building on the site was a medieval market hall which destroyed in a fire in 1791. This was replaced by a second market hall, also known as the fish market, in 1830. Following significant growth in the population, largely associated with the status of Minehead as a market town, the area became an urban district in 1894. In the late 19th century the new civic leaders decided to demolish the old market house and replace it with a more substantial combined town hall and market house. The new building was designed by the local architect, William John Tamlyn, in the Renaissance Revival style, built in red sandstone and was completed in 1902. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with five bays facing onto The Parade; the central bay featured a porch involving a round headed doorway flanked by Doric order columns and brackets supporting an entablature, a balustrade and a broken pediment. The porch was flanked by four-light windows and, beyond that, wide openings leading to the market hall behind. On the first floor, there was a central oriel window flanked by single round headed windows and, beyond that, four-light mullioned windows. The oriel window was surmounted by a gable containing a cartouche with the date of construction; there was also a small central clock tower, which had been recovered from the previous town hall and which originally featured a balcony. Internally, the principal municipal rooms, which included a barrel vaulted library room, were laid out in the central section of the building around and behind which the market hall was located. During the First World War, the building served as a Voluntary Aid Detachment Hospital, managed by the British Red Cross. The wide openings to the market hall were boarded up during the Second World War to stop light escaping while the market traders continued to conduct business. The library room was converted for use as a council chamber after the library service moved to Bancks Street in 1962. The town hall continued to serve as the headquarters of the urban district council for much of the 20th century but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged West Somerset District Council was formed in 1974. It instead served as the meeting place and offices of Minehead Town Council from its formation in 1983 until, following the sale of the property to a developer, its relocation to Summerland Road in April 2017. Although the town hall was subsequently left vacant, a developer secured planning consent in January 2021 to convert it for residential use. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005435 Julie Smith (footballer) Julie Smith (born 3 October 1973) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a defender. She spent her entire club career at Kilmarnock, and was capped 75 times by the Scottish national team between 1998 and 2006. Career. Smith joined Stewarton Thistle Ladies at the age of nine, and spent her entire playing career at the club (later renamed FC Kilmarnock Ladies in 1999). She was a member of the Kilmarnock team that won the Scottish Women's Football League title in 2001/02, as well as the inaugural Scottish Women's Premier League title in 2002/03. Smith was also part of the Kilmarnock team that won the Scottish Women's Cup consecutively in 2001 and 2002, before finishing runners-up to Hibernian in 2003. She retired at the end of the 2008/09 season at the age of 35, after Kilmarnock narrowly avoided relegation from the Premier League. Smith won her first of 75 international caps against Spain in September 1998, and remained a regular in the Scottish national side until her retirement from international football in October 2006. She won her 50th cap in Scotland's 5-1 victory over Ukraine in a Euro 2005 qualifying match at Almondvale Stadium, Livingston. In April 2005, Smith scored a decisive own goal against England at Prenton Park, in a 2-1 defeat for Scotland. Personal life. During her playing career, Smith worked as a development scientist in Edinburgh. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005444 Martin Sampson Air Marshal Martin Elliot Sampson, is a senior Royal Air Force officer, serving as UK Defence Senior Advisor to the Middle East and North Africa. RAF career. Simpson was commissioned into the Royal Air Force in 1986. After passing pilot training he flew the SEPECAT Jaguar for 3 years until moving over to the Harrier Jump Jet following the Gulf War. He was a Qualified Weapons Instructor on the Harrier and flew over 500 missions in Iraq, Afghanistan, Bosnia, Iraq, and Kosovo. He served 3 years with the United States Marine Corps on an exchange tour flying the McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II and the F-5. He became air officer commanding No. 1 Squadron in 2004, during that period the Harrier GR9 was brought into frontline service, with numerous carrier deployments and multiple tours in Afghanistan to support Operation Herrick. In December 2008, he was promoted to group captain and became Assistant Head Joint Strike and ISTAR. In 2010, Sampson became station commander at RAF Coningsby as the RAF Typhoon Force Commander. During that time he was deployed to Gioia Del Colle, Italy as a part of Operation Unified Protector and served as Expeditionary Air Wing Commander for the RAF fast jet operations over Libyan airspace. Additionally, Sampson flew 2 seasons with the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight flying Spitfires and Hurricanes. In November 2012, he was promoted to air commodore and appointed Joint Force Air Component Commander. In 2014 he assumed command of the No. 83 Expeditionary Air Group and the position of UK Air Component Commander. He commanded all RAF operations over Iraq and Syria during Operation Shader. In February 2021, he was promoted to air marshal and appointed serving as UK Defence Senior Advisor to the Middle East and North Africa. Over the course of his flying career Sampson has accumulated over 3500 hours flying hours in several different types of fast jet aircraft including the Jaguar, the Harrier and the Hawker Typhoon. Honours and decorations. In 2006, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order in recognition of his command of the Harrier Squadron during two tours in Afghanistan. On 21 April 2017, Sampson was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in recognition of his services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005464 Returning Home (2021 film) Returning Home is a Canadian documentary film, directed by Sean Stiller and released in 2021. The film is a portrait of Phyllis Webstad, an Indian residential school survivor who founded Orange Shirt Day, and depicts both her national speaking tour about the residential schools and the activism of her home Secwepemc community around the decline of the Pacific salmon. It was the first full-length feature film ever produced by "Canadian Geographic" magazine. The film premiered on the online platform of the Lunenburg Doc Fest on September 26, 2021, before having its official theatrical premiere on September 27 at the Chan Centre for the Performing Arts in Vancouver, British Columbia. It was subsequently screened at the Calgary International Film Festival, the Edmonton International Film Festival and the 2021 Vancouver International Film Festival. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005465 Durovo-Bobrik Durovo-Bobrik () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located in the Bobrik River basin (a left tributary of the Reut River in the Seym basin), 31 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 66 km south-west of Kursk, 21 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 10 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Durovo-Bobrik has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Durovo-Bobrik is located 4 km from the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), on the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik), 2.5 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "25 km" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 72 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 124 km from Belgorod International Airport and 271 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005474 Estadio Municipal Santa Rosa Estadio Municipal Santa Rosa is a stadium in Ciudad Guzman, Jalisco, Mexico. It is primarily used for soccer, and is the home field of the Mazorqueros F.C. It holds 4,000 people. History. The stadium was built in the 1970s, between 1973 and 1979 it was the headquarters of the Club Deportivo Nacional, a team that played in the Second Division of Mexico during that period. Between 2007 and 2008 the stadium housed Cachorros UdeG, which represented the University of Guadalajara. In 2016 the stadium underwent a modernization to be the field of Mazorqueros F.C., whose main team played in the Liga TDP between 2016 and 2020. In 2019 the stadium field underwent a process of improvement in order to make it suitable for matches of Segunda Division. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005478 1988 James Madison Dukes football team The 1988 James Madison Dukes football team was an American football team that represented James Madison University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season as an independent. In their fourth year under head coach Joe Purzycki, the team compiled a 5-6 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005490 P. S. Namboodiri P. S. Namboodiri (1915July 5, 1979) was a freedom fighter and an Indian politician and leader of Communist Party of India. He represented Kodakara constituency in the 3rd KLA. He was one of the four participants from Cochin in the 1939 Parappuram Conference of the Communist Party of India. He played the role of Madhavan in the play "Adukkalayilninnu Arangathekku". Biography. While still a student, he entered the public sphere through activities related to social reform in the community. He was a Congress activist in the early days and worked as part of the non-cooperation movement. He joined the KPCC in 1934 and was a member of the executive committee of the Congress Socialist Party. He joined the Communist Party of India in 1939 and was an active participant in organizing trade unions in Kochi. He led the Kochi temple entry agitation and the Karshaka Jatha. He died on July 5, 1979, at the party office in Ambalur. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005526 Pietro Azario Pietro Azario (1312 - after 1366) was a Milanese notary. He is remembered for his "Liber Gestorum in Lombardia", a history of northern Italy - principally Milan under the Visconti family - from 1250 to about 1364. Life. Azario was born to Giacomo Azario and Donina degli Alzalendina in 1312 in Novara, which at that time was in the Lordship of Milan. Nothing is known of his early life or his study of law, but that he became a notary. By 1347 he was at Borgomanero in the service of the Visconti family; he continued to serve them for most of his life. From about 1362 he was in Tortona as chancellor to the "podesta", Giovanni del Pirovano. There he wrote his "Liber Gestorum in Lombardia", a history of northern Italy in general, and of Milan and the Visconti dynasty in particular, from 1250 to 1362; he later added material covering 1363 and 1364. The autograph manuscript has not been identified, but a manuscript copy in Biblioteca Ambrosiana of Milan is believed to be accurate; it also contains another short work, the "De statu Canapicii liber". Neither the place nor the date of his death is known; it could not have been before 1366, as he makes reference to the marriage of an illegitimate daughter of Bernabo Visconti, Bernarda, to Giovanni di Baldino Suardi; that wedding took place on 16 January 1367, but was contracted in 1366. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005527 Route 26 (MTA Maryland LocalLink) LocalLink 26 is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore between Mondawmin and Brooklyn. On southbound trips, the route departs from Mondawmin Metro Bus Bay 2, near the intersection of Reisterstown Road and Liberty Heights Avenue north of Mondawmin Mall in West Baltimore, and terminates at the South Baltimore Park #amp; Ride near the intersection of South Hanover Street and Baltic Avenue. Northbound trips run in the opposite direction between these terminal stops. LocalLink 26 is part of the MTA Frequent Bus Network, along with the 12 CityLink bus routes and LocalLink routes 22, 26, 29, 30, 54, and 80. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005532 2019 Nigerian House of Representatives elections in Ondo State The 2019 Nigerian House of Representatives elections in Ondo State was held on February 23, 2019, to elect members of the House of Representatives to represent Ondo State, Nigeria. Results. Akoko North East/Akoko North West. A total of 12 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. APC candidate Olubunmi Tunji-Ojo won the election, defeating PDP Olawale Ogunleye and 10 other party candidates. Tunji-Ojo received 36.43% of the votes, while Ogunleye received 22.51%. Akoko South East/Akoko South West. A total of 9 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. APC candidate Adejoro Adeogun won the election, defeating AA Olusegun Ategbole and 7 other candidates. Adeogun received 34.57% of the votes, while Ategbole received 26.67%. Akure North/South. A total of 14 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Adedayo Omolafe won the election, defeating APC Olowookere Ajisafe and 12 other party candidates. Omolafe received 55.34% of the votes, while Ajisafe received 33.22%. Idanre/Ifedore. A total of 2 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. SDP candidate Tajudeen Adefisoye won the election, defeating PDP Kayode Akinmade. Adefisoye received 53.28% of the votes, while Akinmade received 46.72%. Ilaje/Eseodo. A total of 3 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Victor Akinjo won the election, defeating APC Donald Ojogo and 1 other candidate. Akinjo received 60.10% of the votes, while Ojogo received 38.59%. Ile-oluji/Okeigbo/Odigbo. A total of 10 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. APC candidate Mayowa Akinfolarin won the election, defeating PDP Abayomi Akinfemiwa and 8 other party candidates. Akinfolarin received 44.93% of the votes, while Akinfemiwa received 44.65%. Irele/Okitipupa. A total of 9 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Gboluga Ikengboju won the election, defeating APC Albert Akintoye and 7 other party candidates. Ikengboju received 49.75% of the votes, while Akintoye received 31.74%. Ondo East/Ondo West. A total of 13 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. ADC candidate Abiola Makinde won the election, defeating ZLP Joseph Akinlaja and 11 other party candidates. Makinde received 31.56% of the votes, while Akinlaja received 24.23%. Owo/Ose. APC candidate Oluwatimehin Adelegbe won the election, defeating PDP Olabode Ayorinde and other party candidates. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005556 Atlantiques Atlantiques, is a 2011 Fanco-Senegalese documentary short film directed by Mati Diop and co-produced by Corinne Castel and Frederic Papon. The film starring Alpha Diop, Cheikh M'Baye, Ouli Seck and Serigne Seck. The film deals with the odyssey of three Senegalese friends attempting a life-threatening boat crossing, which is a form of illegal migration. The film has been shot in Dakar, Senegal. The film made its premier on 1 April 2011 in the United States. The film received mixed reviews from critics. The film was also featured in WatchMojo: Top 10 Must See Films from the We Are One Film Festival in 2020. At the Cinema du Reel 2010, the film won the Louis Marcorelles Award - Mention. Then in the same year, the film won the Tiger Award for Short Film at the Rotterdam International Film Festival. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005572 Carlos Franco Iribarnegaray Carlos Franco Iribarnegaray (30 August 1912 - 11 December 1982) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Air of Spain between 1975 and 1977. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005577 Bruce Yarnell Bruce Patane Altomari Yarnell (December 28, 1935 - November 30, 1973) was an American film, television, theatre actor and singer. He was known for playing the role of Deputy Marshal Chalk Breeson in the final season of the American western television series "Outlaws". Life and career. Yarnell was born in Pasadena, California, the son of Marie and Harold, a police officer. He studied opera and later sang at the Earl Carroll Theatre in Los Angeles, California. He also sang in Reno, Nevada, where he was later joined by the Mormon Choir, singing in numerous musical productions. Yarnell made his theatre debut in 1960, as Sir Lionel in the Broadway musical "Camelot". Yarnell soon began his film and television career, when he joined the cast of the western television series "Outlaws" for its final season playing the role of Deputy Marshal Chalk Breeson. He starred in the Broadway musical "The Happiest Girl in the World", as General Kinesias, winning a Theatre World Award in 1961. He continued to appear in films and television programs, including "Irma la Douce", "Bonanza" and "Hogan's Heroes". Yarnell also starred as Billy Bigelow in the 1966 New York City Center Light Opera Company production of "Carousel", and as Frank E. Butler in the same year's Broadway revival of "Annie Get Your Gun". In 1969, he appeared in a Little Theatre production of "Oklahoma!" in the leading role of Curly at the David H. Koch Theatre in New York City. Yarnell starred in the 1968 action film "The Road Hustlers", as Matt Reedy. He later played leads at the San Francisco Opera House. His last credit was from a tour of "Bye Bye Birdie" at the Santa Monica Auditorium, in November 1973. Personal life. Yarnell first married Frances Chadwick, a model, on May 25, 1957. They divorced in March 1971 after having three children, Heather, Therese and Waverly. Yarnell then married Joan Patenaude, a soprano, on July 15, 1972. Death. In November 1973, Yarnell was piloting a plane from San Francisco to Hollywood Burbank Airport and crashed into a mountain slope near Gorman, California, north of Los Angeles. He died with his two passengers, Jerri and David Wirsching, a police officer. His last message was that he had electrical power problems and became disoriented. Yarnell was buried in San Fernando Mission Cemetery. Legacy. Yarnell's second wife, Joan, created an award called the "Bruce Yarnell Memorial Award", awarded at Opera Philadelphia. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005591 TOI-4138b TOI-4138b is a transiting exoplanet orbiting the G-type subgiant TOI-4138 1,674 light years away in the northern circumpolar constellation Ursa Minor. Discovery. The planet was recently discovered by TESS using the Transit, which involves measuring light curves during a planet's eclipse. The paper states that it's inflated due to heating from its host, which has a high luminosity. Its discovery was announced in October of 2021. Properties. Orbit and mass. TOI-4138b has an orbital period of 3.6 days, typical for a hot Jupiter. This corresponds to a separation from its host 8 times greater than Mercury is to the Sun. Since the inclination is known, doppler spectroscopy measurements give the planet a mass only 67% that of Jupiter. Characteristics. TOI-4138b's transit gives it a radius 149% that of Jupiter; this combined with its low mass gives it a density only 25% that of water. Its separation is comparable with HD 209458 b, but is much larger due to the evolved state of the host star. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005620 Destination Biafra Destination Biafra is a 1982 novel by Nigerian writer Buchi Emecheta, first published in London by Allison #amp; Busby. It is considered to be Emecheta's personal account of the Biafra War. "Destination Biafra" was republished in paperback on 1 March 1994 by Heinemann Educational Books as part of the African Writers Series. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005635 Joaquin Planell Joaquin Planell Riera (22 November 1891 - 3 July 1969) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of Industry of Spain between 1951 and 1962, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005653 Loch Hope Loch Hope is a loch in the Durness parish in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area of northern Scotland. It is located on the A838 main road. The settlements of Hope, Lochside, and Muiseal directly on the loch in addition nearby there's Inverhope, Heilam, Moine House, Alltnacaillich, Strathmore, ect. The Loch is a large tourist destination for the area around it. Geography. Rivers. Flowing out of Loch Hope there's the 1.25 mile (2km) river hope which flows to Loch Eriboll. Flowing in there's the Strathmore river, which brings water all the way in from Loch Staonsaid and nearly as far as Loch Meadie. A sea of tributaries and temporary brooks and streams bring in the water from the hugely mountainous area and the entire river disperses very quickly. Many other tributaries flow directly into the very long loch some of which split up further. Mountains. For starters there's Ben Hope over 900 metres tall and with 700 metres of prominence however the entire area is full of many different mountains many of which bring water into the loch, even as far as Creag Staonsaid for example. Settlements. Many settlements are directly on Loch Hope and many others in the catchment area. Hope. Hope is by far the most notable of the settlements on the loch and is in itself named after it. It is at the tip of the Loch right where the River Hope starts flowing. The Hope Bridge just north of it is already on the river. There are seven archaeological sites within the settlement and an additional two hut circles just north of the village. The riverside around it is full of weirs, and the settlement boasts a very small permanent population but is one of very few on the loch to have any and is the largest in the area. It has one lodge but it is old and is currently undergoing overhaul with plans for it to become a shooting lodge. There's a small enclosure in the settlement and many paths on the other side of the river bank to Hope, finally there's the ferryman's house on the riverside. Lochside. Like most places in Scotland unimaginatively called Lochside, Lochside is on the lochside of Loch hope. It is located just east of the loch on the small stream that is Allt na Raipe and within Lochside there's a sheepfold. There are 2 archaeological sites in Lochside. Aside from the road around the Loch, there's only a couple small trails by the settlement. There are some cottages within Lochside. Braesgill. A smaller settlement halfway down the loch, Braesgill is yet another farmstead located along the lochside of loch hope. It is named after the river it sits on that flows into Loch Hope it is home to 3 archaeological sites including a simple hut circle. Braesgill has been listed by Ordinance Survey since 1871 in Sutherland Volume 12 although it now ceases to appear on their maps. Merkan. Merkan is a mostly lost settlement just south of Braesgill, it too is named after the river it sits on but also a nearby small peak with the same name. It has been depicted by Ordinance Survey maps since 1878. It's located just west of the lochside road and a very small carved path links the remains of a building to it. It has an alternate name, Meirgeach. Muiseal. Muiseal is another small farmstead, just south of the Loch. It has listings on Openstreetmap and OS and is labelled as a hamlet. It's far more well known than most of the other settlements. Muiseal is surprisingly home to no archaeological sites however two are just south of it. Muiseal is a reference point for many trails and mountains in the area and the brook Allt An Muiseal runs through it giving it its name. It is 11 metres above sea level, there is a parking lot within it to provide for some of the trails in the area, 1 of which goes to Ben Hope. There's another small track which leads to the Strathmore river and on the other side of the river there's a labelled place called Luib Bhan. Finally there's 2 roofed buildings within Muiseal. Arnaboll. Arnaboll is a now abandoned farmstead on the other side of Loch Hope, named after a river and hill with the same name. It consists of an intact building and a prehistoric Hut circle. To add to this there's one archaeological site within Arnaboll. Alltnacaillich. Alltnacaillich is one of few places near the loch to get a google maps listing. It is a permanently inhabited hamlet on the Strathmore River Just south of Muiseal. There are 7 archaeological sites within Alltnacaillich. There is a sort of central area of the settlement with housing and trails leaving out of it, all this is atop Allt na Caillich a river where the river is named off of unoriginally. Some of these trails lead to peaks and mountains, but most go west towards the Strathmore where there are links to prehistoric sites, a homestead, graveyard and a nature reserve. Alltnacaillich is also home to a bridge over the Strathmore and a burnt mound and nearby there's Don Dornaigil. Despite there being residents there is no form of hotel or lodge in Alltnacaillich. The hamlet has etymology as it means the burn of the ould woman which was actually the naming of the aforementioned river. There are available weather recordings and Atmospheric indicators from Alltnacaillich. Moine House. Moine house or Moin House is located east of the loch. It has 3 archaeological sites in the area and is near the banks of another loch, Loch Nam Meur Liath which in itself is near to a larger loch, Loch Maovalley which flows into Loch Hope. It consists of one derelict building and a couple trails. It was built as a place of refuge for people travelling on the nearly built road across the area, now the A838 and has lost its roof. The house was also permanently inhabited and due to its importance in helping travelers, it became a marked point on many different maps. Moine means Gaelic for Moss and the house was inhabited by many notable families some of which would have as many as 8 people. The now archaeological site now has a car park for visitors. Tourism. On top of there being plans for the abandoned lodge in Hope to be restored into a shooting lodge, there is already a lot of toursim in the area. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005659 Government Polytechnic, Awasari Kh The Government Polytechnic, Awasari Kh is a public polytechnic college in Awasari Kh, Pune, Maharashtra. It is an institution run by the Government of Maharashtra and offers diploma programs in engineering #amp; technology. The college is accredited by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and affiliated with the Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education (MSBTE). Programs Offered. "Full Time Diploma Program (3-year)": Campus. The total intake capacity of all these programmes is 420 students. The premises of this institute is spread over 17 acres of land. Accommodation for 336 boys, 288 girls is also available, which is shared with Government College of Engineering and Research, Avasari Khurd. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005667 Tetrahymena pyriformis Tetrahymena pyriformis is a species of Ciliophora in the family Tetrahymenidae. It is one of the most commonly ciliated model used for laboratory research. The species is widely distributed. It lives in fresh water like springs, ditches, creeks, ponds, and lakes. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005670 West Charlotte, Vermont West Charlotte (shown as Charlotte on federal topographic maps) is an unincorporated village and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Charlotte, Chittenden County, Vermont, United States. It was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census. The CDP is in southwestern Chittenden County, in the western part of the town of Charlotte. U.S. Route 7 runs along the east side of the CDP, leading north to Burlington and south to Vergennes. Ferry Road passes through the center of the village, leading west to the Charlotte-Essex Ferry, crossing Lake Champlain to Essex, New York. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005686 Picture Cave Picture Cave is a cave in Warren County, Missouri containing a large array of Native American wall paintings, from which it takes its name. It has been described as "the most important rock art site in North America." A total of 296 prehistoric glyphs are present on the cave walls. In 2021 the cave was sold to an undisclosed buyer for over 2 million dollars despite the objections of the Osage Nation. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005687 Jay-Dee Geusens Jay-Dee Geusens (born 5 March 2002) is a Belgian football player. He plays for Genk. Club career. He made his Belgian First Division A debut for Genk on 26 September 2021 in a game against Seraing. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005703 Jorge Vigon Jorge Vigon Suero-Diaz (18 May 1893 - 13 February 1978) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of Public Works of Spain between 1957 and 1965, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005740 Sorin Bottez Sorin Bottez (born Sorin-Mircea Bottez; 2 June 1930 - 31 July 2009) was a Romanian politician who stemmed from the National Liberal Party (PNL). During the post-war period, he was vice-president of the National Liberal Youth (). Biography. Incarceration during Communism. Bottez was born in Timisoara, Kingdom of Romania. He was arrested by the Romanian Communist authorities on 8 February 1949 (then only aged 18 and a half) on the grounds that he was part of the anti-Communist movement "Avram Iancu". At the time, Bottez was a student in the final year at Mihai Viteazul High School in Bucharest. At a trial held on 12 April 1949, he was sentenced to forced labour for 20 years. Bottez was incarcerated at prisons in Aiud, Galati, Gherla, Jilava, Lugoj, Oradea, Pitesti, and Targsor. Throughout his detention, he was reportedly tortured by the prison guards, and later declared he did not collude with the Communist system's secret police. He ended up serving 14 years, being released on 11 November 1963. Academic career. Upon his release, he was admitted at the University of Bucharest, in the Faculty of Germanic languages, which he successfully graduated five years later, in 1968. Subsequently, he became a professor of English language and English literature at the university. In post-1989 Romania. After the Romanian Revolution of 1989, Bottez was also a member of the People's Action party (PP) of former Romanian President Emil Constantinescu. He served as a deputy on behalf of the PNL for two years during the early 1990s, being elected for the constituency of Bucharest in 1990. In April 1992 he was named Ambassador of Romania to South Africa by then-President Ion Iliescu, and served in this capacity until September 1994. During the late 1990s, Bottez served as Minister Delegate for Public Information in the CDR-led government of former Prime Minister Victor Ciorbea. In 2007, Bottez was elected president of the Romanian branch of the YMCA. In 2008 he was elected President of the Association for Citizen Education. He died in Bucharest one year later, and was buried at Ghencea Cemetery. His memoirs, written in collaboration with Florin-Vasile Somlea, were published posthumously. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005741 Jodie Cunningham Jodie Cunningham is an English rugby league player who plays at international level for England and domestically for St Helens in the Women's Super League. Cunningham plays at or . Cunningham started paying rugby while a pupil at Cardinal Newman Catholic High School, Warrington and was selected to play for England while still in the sixth-form and playing for Warrington Ladies RC. While a student at Leeds University, Cunningham played in the 2013 Women's Rugby League World Cup and joined Thatto Heath Crusaders and was a member of the team that won the Challenge Cup in four successive seasons from 2013 to 2016. Cunningham was vice-captain of the England team in the 2017 Women's Rugby League World Cup and in March 2018 Cunningham became a member of the newly-formed St Helens women's team, though she missed most of the 2018 season due to rehabilitation after surgery on an anterior cruciate ligament injury suffered during the 2017 season. For the 2019 season, Cunningham was appointed co-captain of the St Helens side alongside Tara Jones With the 2020 season cancelled, 2021 saw Cunningham appointed captain of the team and she led the side to the first treble since the creation of the Women's Super League. Cunningham was also named 2021 Woman of Steel. Cunningham works as community engagement lead for the organisers of the 2021 Rugby League World Cup as well as being an ambassador for the women's tournament. Cunningham was appointed as the RFL's National Women's and Girls' Development Manager in November 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005743 Jan Pajak Jan Pajak (12 May 1906 - 1 November 1976) was a Polish footballer. He played in two matches for the Poland national football team from 1933 to 1934. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005763 Wieslaw Pajor Wieslaw Pajor (18 April 1932 - 20 November 2008) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1954. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005764 Westford (CDP), Vermont Westford is the primary village and a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Westford, Chittenden County, Vermont, United States. It was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census. The CDP is in northern Chittenden County, in the center of the town of Westford. The Browns River, a north-flowing tributary of the Lamoille River and part of the Lake Champlain watershed, passes through the CDP just east of the village center. Vermont Route 128 runs through Westford village, leading north to Fairfax and south to Essex Center. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005783 Pablo Martin Alonso Pablo Martin Alonso (10 July 1896 - 11 February 1964) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Army of Spain between 1962 and 1964, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005786 Camilo Menendez Tolosa Camilo Menendez Tolosa (8 February 1899 - 19 June 1971) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Army of Spain between 1964 and 1969, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005797 Slawomir Paluch Slawomir Andrzej Paluch (born 27 November 1975) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He made two appearances for the Poland national team in 1997. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005810 Robert Melville Grindlay Captain Robert Melville Grindlay FRSA MRAS FZS FRHS FRBS (23 October 1786 - 9 December 1877) was a British soldier, artist, and banker during the 18th and 19th centuries. Born in London, England he served as an East India Company agent in the Bombay Army, during which time he made a large collection of sketches and drawings of the Indian subcontinent. Upon returning to England he founded the multinational commercial firm Grindlays Bank and various philanthropic initiatives. Early years and family. Grindlay was born on 23 October 1786, one of eight children, to The Reverend Dr John Grindlay DCL LLP (1756 - 1818) and his wife Elizabeth (d.1843) in the village of St. Mary-le-Bone (now Marylebone) near London, and baptised on the 17 November of that same year at St Marylebone Parish Church. His grandparents James (d. 1765) and Christina Grindlay (nee Govan), attorneys at law, had emigrated to Charleston, South Carolina from Glasgow, Scotland during the early 18th century, after previous generations had resettled in Lanarkshire from the North Midlands. However, his father returned to the United Kingdom and attended Emmanuel College, Cambridge, before taking up various ecclesiastical positions at Oxford Chapel, Marylebone, Bishop's Caundle Church, Dorest, and the Church of St. Mary the Virgin, Horne, Surrey, as well various charitable enterprises, including The Philanthropic Society. Grindlay was educated in London and left school at the age of 17, having secured a position as a cadet in the Honourable East India Company (HEIC). Military service. Grindlay served in the 7th Bombay Infantry of the Bombay Army, the military arm of the East India Company, from 1804 - 1820. He was made a cadet in 1802 aged 17, following a nomination by E Parry Esq. secured for him by his father, and sailed to India the following year on the maiden voyage of the East Indiaman, the Prince of Wales, in 1803. He became a Lieutenant in 1804, and reached the rank of Captain in 1817, before retiring from the military in 1820 at the age of 34. During his time in the military, Grindlay held several staff positions in the Bombay Presidency of British India as well as acting Captain of 2nd Battalion of the 7th Bombay Native Infantry, including Secretary of the Committee of Embarkation of Bombay and Aide-de-camp of Sir Evan Nepean, 1st Baronet, the Governor of Bombay. Grindlay undertook numerous military expeditions while in India, including a diplomatic mission to the court of the Talpur Amirs of Sindh in 1808, which formed part of the prelude to the Amir signature of a treaty of "friendship" with the British in 1809. Having taken an interest in the history and geography of north-western India, he kept a diary of his travels, including the journey from Lukhpat in Cutch, India to Hyderabad in Sindh, Pakistan along the Kori and Narra rivers by way of Sindhri, to meet with Mir Ghulam Ali Talpur, the ruling Amir. Several extracts of his journal were used to form part of the best selling memoir of Captain Sir Alexander Burnes, "Travels into Bokhara", first published in 1835"." Marriage. Grindlay returned to England from India in 1920 and married Maria Susannah Commerell on 20 July 1821 at St Marylebone Parish Church. Maria was the daughter of John William Commerell, of Strood Green near Horsham, a Sheriff of Sussex, who's family originated from Heilbronn in Swabia, Germany, where they were privy councillors and confidents of the Dukes of Wurttemberg. The couple established themselves at their principle London home at North Bank, Regent's Park, in the parish of St. Marylebone, and had a son, Robert Melville Grindlay, born on the 12 September 1821 and baptised on 24 September 1821 at St Marylebone Parish Church, but who died in infancy later that same year. Grindlay was uncle-in-law to Sir John Edmund Commerell, Admiral of the Fleet and William Augustus Commerell, a first-class cricketer. Banking and commerce. Grindlays Bank. After returning to England, Grindlay maintained his influential Anglo-Indian connections and his correspondence with friends and former colleagues. Drawing on his extensive knowledge and experience of the region he undertook a growing number of personal commissions of assistance, to the point where in 1828 he founded "Leslie #amp; Grindlay", to provide similar services to the wider public on a permanent business basis. Initially the company arranged passage to and from India for customers and their baggage, but in time added private banking activities to their services, eventually becoming the "pre-eminent bankers to the Indian Army" and business community in India. The company was first based in Birchin Lane, off of Lombard Street in London and began by acting as agents to help secure the travel arrangements of its clientele, to and from India, procuring sea passages, clearing and shipping baggage, as well as providing advisory services including extensive kit lists, route maps and costings for East India Company employees and British officials. Expansion saw the business open other offices in the City of London (Cornhill and Bishopsgate), and Westminster (Whitehall and St James's Square). Under the guidance and direction of Grindlay, these services shifted over time towards financial operations, including banking, insurance, savings and encashment of cheques and drafts, and operational expansion to include the Indian subcontinent, the Middle East and elements of Africa and Southeast Asia. During this same period various partner additions, mergers, and acquisitions resulted in the firm undergoing several name changes, being styled "Grindlay, Christian #amp; Matthews" from 1839, "Grindlay #amp; Co" from 1843, "Grindlay #amp; Co Ltd" from 1924 and "Grindlays Bank Ltd" in 1947, until its merger with the National Bank of India in 1958 when it became "National and Grindlays Bank". By 1852, when Grindlay retired, the firm had become "the most distinguished bankers and agents to the civil and military officials of the business community and the British army in India". Timeline. Key events during the tenure of Captain Grindlay: East India Company. Grindlay was a major "proprietor of East India stock" with a significant stake and considerable influence in the East India Company during the 19th century. He was a central actor in the debating and eventual approval of the Saint Helena Act or Charter Act of 1833, being named alongside 27 other stockholders, Members of Parliament, and company directors and chairman, including William Wigram, William Astell, Richard Twining, Sir Charles Mills, Sir Francis Molyneux Ommanney, George Lyall, Sir James Rivett-Carnac and Sir Richard Jenkins, in formal East India House communications. The Act provided a 20 year extension of the royal charter granted to the East India Company, allowing it to maintain its political and administrative duties in India, but with a number of additional provisions which continued the successive reduction in the company's commercial rights and trading monopolies, seen in the charters of 1793, 1813, 1833 and 1853. Freemasonry. On 20 May 1836, Grindlay was initiated into the Freemasons and registered as a member of the United Grand Lodge of England, continuing the association of the Grindlay family with the fraternal organisation and their collective charitable contributions and public works. Artist and author. Artist and draftsman. Grindlay kept a detailed personal journal of his time in India, and made numerous sketches and paintings of his travels across the Indian subcontinent. Widely regarded as a "gifted amateur artist", he sketched hundreds of landscapes in Gujarat, the Deccan, and along the coast with 24 of his works featuring in 75 publications and now held across 439 separate library holdings (as of 2021). The most famous and comprehensive of these collected works is the best selling "Scenery, Costumes and Architecture chiefly on the Western Side of India". This series was first published in 6 parts comprising 6 plates each, 36 in total, hand-coloured aquatints with accompanying explanatory descriptions and annotations in 1830 by Smith, Elder #amp; Co, having being started by Rudolph Ackermann in 1826. On completion of the serial issues, the book was also released as a whole by Smith, Elder #amp; Co and issued in one or two volumes, folio copies of which have sold for upwards of PS25,000.00. The majority of his published works are engravings of original sketches then overpainted with oils. Reviews of "Scenery, Costumes and Architecture chiefly on the Western Side of India" in "The Byron Gallery" (1833):"If there has been any foundation for the complaint, that the splendid scenery and gorgeous architecture of India have never yet been adequately pourtrayed [portrayed] by the pencil, it will vanish when this work shall be known, which certainly equals, if it does not transcend, any antecedent production of the graphic art. This work bids fair, not merely to establish the fame of Captain Grindlay, but to do honour to the British arts" - Asiatic Journal "Captain Grindlay gives by this specimen of his labours, ample proof of genius, talent, and industry, exercised to high advantage during his service in the 'farther East;' the work will be appreciated as it deserves and admired for the fidelity as well as the spirit with which the scenes are brought before the eye. It embraces scenes and subjects from the Mahratta country to the banks of the Indus, and is as varied as it is undoubtedly beautiful. This splendid publication will be highly acceptable to all persons interested in Indian subjects and fully deserves the patronage already bestowed upon it" - Oriental Herald "The fidelity of the representations is very striking; and all the plates are most acceptable, as illustrating an extremely interesting and important country, hitherto little known either literary or graphic means. The variety of views and the handsome style in which executed, will, together with the descriptions, recommend this only to persons connected with India, but the British public generally and collectors in the arts Literary Gazette" - Literary Gazette "We consider it only just to a work of the highest class, to say, that having seen Captain Grindlay's Views on the Scenery, Costume, Architecture of the Western side of India, we cannot hesitate to pronounce its illustrations beautiful - they are admirable specimens of the art, and the manner in which they are coloured and gotten up, reflects infinite credit on spirited publishers" - John Bull Grindlay presented a copy of his "Scenery, Costumes and Architecture chiefly on the Western Side of India" to Sir Thomas Lawrence, President of the Royal Academy in 1829 and later to Prince Albert and his groom-in-waiting General Sir Francis Seymour in 1840. His artistic skills were also employed in overseeing the creation of various maps of India during the British occupation, most notable of which was the "Map of India; constructed with great care and research from all the latest authorities and intended more particularly to facilitate a reference to the civil and military stations". The map was drawn up by The Rt Hon. James Wyld MP FRGS"," the Geographer Royal of England, under the direction of Grindlay and relying heavily on his detailed knowledge and experience of the region. Grindlay also assisted Colonel Monier Williams, Surveyor-General in the Bombay Presidency, on his surveying of Gujarat and the Western Presidency. Author and pamphleteer. Steam Communication with India. Although likely initially motivated by classical imperial capitalism, Grindlay's experiences in South Asia lead to his becoming an ardent Indophile, committed to the strengthening of the Indian economy and infrastructure. In his role as London agent to the Stream Committees of the Indian Presidencies during the Company Raj, Grindlay advocated strongly for the establishment of regular and permanent communications by steam vessels between Great Britain and India, for the benefit of both countries. Between 1834 and 1836, Grindlay published the first edition of his "A view of the present state of the question as to steam communication with India", in which he laments the slow government action following an enquiry by a committee of the House of Commons to investigate the "practicability and expediency of establishing, on a permanent footing, a system of steam communication with India" on 14 July 1834. The pamphlet details the economic benefits of the proposed route between England and India via the Red Sea, incorporating detailed financial calculations, maps of proposed routes, and widely signed petitions from across the Indian Presidencies in support of its establishment. Reviews of "A view of the present state of the question as to steam communication with India" (1837):"For seven or eight years past the propriety of establishing a regular and permanent Steam Communication between the protecting and dependent country has been discussed. The advocates of such communication have now assumed a very determined attitude.The signal gun has already been discharged by Captain Grindlay. This gentleman having been appointed agent for all the Presidencies has commenced his duties by the issue of a Pamphlet on the state of the question as to Steam Communication with India" - United Service Journal "This important subject is here handled in so masterly a manner by Captain Grindlay, the statements are so clear, the illustrations so lucid, and the arguments and inference so strong and legitimate, that we think we shall do most justice to the author by freely quoting from the Pamphlet itself.Captain Grindlay's observations on this point and sincerely trust that the ensuing Session of Parliament will not pass without some effective steps being taken by the legislature for the establishment of such a rapid and certain communication with India as our national interests and the cause of humanity and civilization demand.We feel the country to be deeply indebted to Captain Grindlay for his exertions and we trust the day will come when he will not go unrewarded." - Mining Railway and Steam Navigation GazetteTwo further editions of the pamphlet were issued in 1837, and continued the drive for improved communications and reiterated Grindlay's belief that unexplored networks of cotton, jute, spices and tea in India could help Britain's ancillary industries in the east, and also overcome the expenditure of sustaining Britain's enmity with China. The political pressure of Grindlay's pamphleteering and outspoken support for steam communications via the Red Sea, helped to stimulate the creation of the Suez Canal, opening as it did in 1869. Steamship Press. Towards the end of his time at "Grindlay, Christian #amp; Matthews", Grindlay had begun to supply a weekly 'budget' or communique of home news for the Indian newspapers. The success of this bulletin prompted the partners to transfer printing to London and then dispatch the news sheets to India, thereby improving efficiency, and to expand the remit to include logistical advice for travellers. Printing the paper in England for a predominately British expatriate audience across the British Empire, made it part of a nineteenth century publishing phenomenon, known as the "steamship press". This more substantial periodical attributed to Grindlay, became the "Grindlay #amp; Co's Overland Circulator", and amassed a wide readership including military, medical, ecclesiastical, political and aristocratic personnel. On the 7 January 1847, "Grindlay #amp; Co" published the first edition of its "The Home News: A Summary of European Intelligence for India and the Colonies", a comprehensive journal, that further built on Grindlay's earlier work. Considered a "first rank among the journals of India", and "resemble[ing] the Spectator in substance", "The" "Home News" hit peak circulation in 1862 with 15,000 copies sold, after which technological advance, principally electrical telegraphy, meant it was no long required and publication ceased in 1898 with edition 2970. Its editors included Charles 'Shirley' Brooks, Thomas Escott, and George Sala. Later years. Grindlay retired from banking and all other business activities in 1842, at the age of 56. He and his wife Maria afterwards moved to Nice, Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur, France where he focused on his artistic passions in the "shadow of the Maritime Alps", and resided for the rest of his life, dying in 1877 at the age of 91. Maria remained in Nice, later dying there herself. Cultural depictions. Grindlay has featured in a number of books, journals, and articles since his death in 1877, covering his life and achievements including "100 Years of Banking in Asia and Africa" by Geoffrey Tyson in 1963, "British Multinational Banking 1830-1990" by Geoffrey Jones in 1993, and "A History of the British Conquest of Afghanistan and Western India" by Frank H Wallis in 2011. Both he, and Grindlays Bank, appear in the Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel "Sergeant Verity and the Blood Royal" by Donald Serrell Thomas, published under his pseudonym Francis Selwyn in 1979, which sees the protagonist policemen, Sergeant William Clarence Verity, protect the Prince of Wales during a trip to America in the 1860s. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005823 Longin Pawlowski Longin Pawlowski (2 April 1909 - 1 November 1983) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1937. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005848 Edward Letchworth Sir Edward Letchworth (1833-1917) was a prominent figure in English freemasonry and renowned author on the history of freemasonry. Life. He was born in 1833 into a Quaker family originally from the Letchworth area. He trained as a lawyer and was a keen volunteer soldier, serving in the Victoria Rifles from 1859 and from 1860 was an officer in the Middlesex Volunteers. Originally initiated into the Jerusalem Lodge in 1875, he became a member of several lodges, rising rapidly to the rank of Grand Steward and was President of the Board of Grand Stewards in 1881. He was a member of the Garrick Club. He was a Governor of St Bartholomew's Hospital and the Foundling Hospital. From 1882 (following the death of Secretary Shadwell Clarke in 1891) until 1915 he was Secretary of the United Grand Lodge of England, with offices at Freemason's Hall, Great Queen Street, Holborn, London. In 1914 Letchworth corresponded with Masons imprisoned at Ruhleben internment camp near Berlin during the First World War. During his period in office he attended the foundation of over 400 lodges. He died on 8 October 1917 aged 84 and is buried in Brompton Cemetery in London. Artistic Recognition. Much portrayed (and caricatured) artists creating his likeless include: Family. In 1902 (aged 69) he was married to Mary Constance (1851-1921), widow of Thomas Blaikie. They had no children. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005863 Wladyslaw Pawlowski Wladyslaw Pawlowski (19 August 1915 - 1 July 1992) was a Polish footballer. He played in two matches for the Poland national football team in 1937. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005868 Texigryphaea Texigryphaea is an extinct genus of oyster belonging to the order Ostreida and family Gryphaeidae. It dates to the Albian to Cenomanian Ages of the Cretaceous period and is primarily found in Texas and the southern Western Interior of North America. However, specimens have been identified from northern Spain. The genus were free-living benthic oysters that were often the dominant species in late Albian biomes of the Western Interior Seaway. Some limestone beds of the Muleros Formation near El Paso, Texas, consist almost entirely of fossil fragments of "T. washitaensis". Most species preferred soft substrates in quiet environments, but "T. navia" was adapted to firmer substrates in more energetic environments. The genus differs from Jurassic Gryphaeidae in possessing a vesicular shell structure and chomata (a fine set of parallel ribs found on the inner valves). "T. tucumcarii" is considered to be a synonym for "T. pitcheri". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005885 Pedro Nieto Antunez Pedro Nieto Antunez (18 August 1898 - 6 December 1978) was a Spanish admiral who served as Minister of the Navy of Spain between 1962 and 1969, as well as acting Minister of the Army in February 1964, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005893 Stanislaw Pazdzior Stanislaw Pazdzior (15 October 1944 - 28 March 2018) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team on 10 May 1972, a scoreless draw against Switzerland. His professional club career was mostly linked with the two Walbrzych clubs; Gornik and Zaglebie. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005899 Sutton Bingham Halt railway station Sutton Bingham Halt railway station served the hamlet of Sutton Bingham, South Somerset, England, from 1860 to 1962 on the West of England line. History. The station was opened on 19 July 1860 by the London and South Western Railway. It lost its goods services on 1 April 1960 and the suffix 'Halt' was added to its name on 1 August of the same year, although it was still staffed. It closed on 31 August 1962 but the signal box was still used until 1965. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005908 Karol Pazurek Karol Pazurek (17 December 1905 - 6 January 1945) was a Polish footballer. He played in 16 matches for the Poland national football team from 1927 to 1935. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005920 Graham's W. #amp; J. Graham's, or simply Graham's, is a producer of port wine. It is one of the most important of the port names and it is necessary for Graham's to declare a vintage for the year to be considered vintage by the port industry. Founded in 1820 as a consequence of the Graham family firm receiving a load of Portuguese wine as payment for a debt, the Graham's port business continues to operate today under the ownership of the Symington Family Estates who purchased the brand in 1970. As well as vintage port, Graham's produces a range of wines, including Six Grapes, a reserve port, Quinta dos Malvados, named after the estate purchased by the company in 1890, and various single harvest ports, including the 1882 Ne Oublie Tawny, named after the Graham family motto and at the time one of the most expensive wines for sale. The company received a Royal Warrant in 2015. History. William Graham set up a trading company in Glasgow in 1784, and over the following decade developed as a textile and dry goods exporting enterprise. In 1820, his son John accepted twenty-seven pipes of Portuguese port wine in place of a debt. The shipment was sent back to Glasgow, the first time Port had arrived at the port. The new venture proved successful and, in the 1880s, trade was sufficient that William and John spun out W. #amp; J. Graham to serve the new market. The company purchased the Quinta dos Malvados vineyards in 1890, securing its own supply of grapes. By the 1960s, like many old port names, Graham's was in financial difficulty. The Grahams sold the company to the Symington family in 1970. The Symingtons had a long association with the firm, Andrew James Symington joining the textile side of the business in 1882 before leaving to become a partner in the port factory Warre #amp; Co in 1905. The Graham family has remained in the port business, as brothers Anthony, Jonny and William created Churchill Graham in 1981. Jonny continued the company, subsequently known as Churchill's Port. Quinta dos Malvados was repurchased in 1982 in a poor state, but was revived and has become a key part of the Graham estate. In 2015, the company received a Royal Warrant to supply port to Queen Elizabeth. More recently, the company has released a range of ports designed for non-traditional drinkers under the Blend brand. Locations. Graham's is based around the Douro in Portugal, with a factory in Villa Nova de Gaia called Graham's Lodge which includes cellars that can be toured and a principle production location at Quinta dos Malvados. The company also sources from Quinta da Vila Velha and also continues to use Quinta das Lagas, which was a source of grapes during the time that it did not have access to Quinta dos Malvados. In 2017, the company purchased its first vineyard outside the Douro region, in Portalegre, in the Alto Alentejo region of Portugal. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005924 Cheremoshki, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast Cheremoshki () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Byk River (a left tributary of the Seym), 33 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 68 km south-west of Kursk, 15 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 5 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Cheremoshki has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Cheremoshki is located on the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), on the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Cheremoshki - Vyshniye Derevenki), 5 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "Derevenki" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 75 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 132 km from Belgorod International Airport and 276 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005932 Antoni Piasecki Antoni Piasecki (born 12 December 1913, date of death unknown) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1935. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005939 Iberus campesinus Iberus campesinus is a species of gastropods belonging to the family Helicidae. The species is found in Spain. Per IUCN, the species has the status "vulnerable". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005943 Lunenburg (CDP), Vermont Lunenburg is the primary village and a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Lunenburg, Essex County, Vermont, United States. It was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census. The CDP is in southern Essex County, in the southeast part of the town of Lunenburg. U.S. Route 2 passes through the village center, leading west to St. Johnsbury and east to Lancaster, New Hampshire. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005946 Clinton and Oklahoma Western Railroad The Clinton and Oklahoma Western Railroad was a railway in southwestern Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle, with a mainline eventually running from Clinton, Oklahoma to Pampa, Texas, about 139 miles. The predecessor company was incorporated in 1908, and the railroad was merged out of existence in 1948. History. An entity called the Clinton and Oklahoma Western Railway Company was chartered November 10, 1908 for the stated purpose of constructing a railroad from Clinton, Oklahoma to Guymon, Oklahoma, which is northwest of Clinton in the Oklahoma Panhandle, as well as building southeast from Clinton to the coal-mining town of Lehigh in southeastern Oklahoma. The railroad did build northwest from Clinton, but stopped at Strong City, Oklahoma in Roger Mills County in August of 1912. The townspeople of Cheyenne, Oklahoma, the Roger Mills County seat, were concerned about being bypassed by the railroad, and promptly chartered their own railway, the Cheyenne Short Line Railroad, on December 2, 1912, to run up the Washita River valley to connect with the larger railway at Strong City. That short line, after completion and a later reorganization as The Cheyenne Railroad Company, was leased to the Clinton and Oklahoma Western in 1917. On April 9, 1920, the Clinton and Oklahoma Western "Railroad" Company was organized, purchasing the rights of both the Clinton and Oklahoma Western "Railway" Company and The Cheyenne Railroad Company. The railroad's plans changed. The railway was eventually extended west to the Oklahoma/Texas state line, and a sister company, the Clinton-Oklahoma-Western Railroad Company of Texas, was chartered on July 30, 1927 to build the line from the border through Hemphill County, Texas, to the town of Pampa in Gray County, Texas. Before completion, however, both the Clinton and Oklahoma Western Railroad Company and its Texas affiliate were acquired by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway in June of 1928. The line was completed into Pampa in 1929, giving the railroad a mainline of about 84 miles of track from Clinton to the Oklahoma/Texas border, and about 55 miles from the border to Pampa. An 11 mile branch from the town of Heaton, Texas to Coltexo, an oil camp three miles northeast of Lefors, Texas, was added in 1931. The Santa Fe leased the railway to its Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway affiliate in 1931. That entity operated the line until taking it by merger on December 31, 1948. At least some of this trackage has since been abandoned, including the original Clinton-to-Strong City route which was abandoned around 1981. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005983 2021-22 Auburn Tigers women's basketball team The 2021-22 Auburn Tigers women's basketball team will represent Auburn University during the 2021-22 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Tigers, led by first-year head coach Johnnie Harris, will play their home games at Auburn Arena and compete as members of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). Previous season. The Tigers finished the season 5-19 (0-15 SEC) to finish in last place in the conference. Head coach Terri Williams-Flournoy was not retained at the end of the season. Texas associate head coach Johnnie Harris was hired as her replacement on April 3, 2021. Schedule. !colspan=9 style=| Exhibition !colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season !colspan=9 style=| SEC regular season !colspan=9 style=| SEC Tournament 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69005991 Alfred Pochopien Alfred Pochopien (19 April 1917 - 7 November 1951) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1939. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006005 Mirsaeed Molavian Mirsaeed Molavian (Persian: myrs`yd mwlwyn, born 27 June 1989) is an Iranian actor. He gained recognition after portraying Reza Fakhar in the romance historical drama "Once Upon a Time in Iran" (2021). Molavian earned a Fajr Film Festival Award nomination and a Hafez Award nomination for his performance in "Tooman" (2020). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006006 West Maple Omaha Rock The West Maple Omaha Rock (nicknamed Rocko, also referred to as the west Omaha rock and similar names) is a boulder located in a parking lot at the corner of West Maple Road and North 156th Street in north-western Omaha, Nebraska, in the United States. It became the subject of significant online discourse as well as a local tourist attraction in late 2019 after over a dozen vehicle owners drove on top of it. This included at least six that had to be towed within six weeks. The rock was originally placed on a curb to prevent people from driving over it; however, it was sloped such that it was often not visible to taller automobiles and would get stuck between their wheels. A Facebook group dedicated to the rock, "The W Maple Omaha Rock", was created by employees of a nearby UPS Store and had over 25,000 followers in November 2019; a subreddit and Google Maps listing were also created. In January 2021, the rock was repositioned such that it was no longer sloped towards the road and a tree was planted near it to catch drivers' attention. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006010 Kazimierz Polok Kazimierz Polok (11 February 1937 - 5 May 1993) was a Polish footballer. He played in five matches for the Poland national football team from 1961 to 1963. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006023 Kehoe House Kehoe House is a historic building in the American city of Savannah, Georgia. It is located in the northwestern civic block of Columbia Square and was built in 1892. It is part of the Savannah Historic District. The home was built for Irish immigrant and iron foundry owner William J. Kehoe, his second home on the square, after 130 Habersham Street, built in 1885 and now known as the William J. Kehoe House. After both his business and his family expanded, he built this, larger, home diagonally across the square. Now a 15-room inn, it is one of three "Historic Inns of Savannah," the other two being The Gastonian, at 220 East Gaston Street, and the Eliza Thompson House Bed and Breakfast, at 5 West Jones Street. The inn is owned by Savannah's HLC Hotels, Inc., which also owns the city's Olde Harbour Inn, the Eliza Thompson House, the East Bay Inn and The Gastonian. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006032 Wladyslaw Prymka Wladyslaw Prymka (5 June 1895 - 29 June 1963) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1922. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006036 Vegas Games 2000 Vegas Games 2000, known as Vegas Games: Midnight Madness, Midnight in Vegas in Europe and Vegas Games on Game Boy Color, is a gambling simulation video game. It was released on Microsoft Windows in 1998, then released in 2000 on PlayStation and Game Boy Color. Gameplay. Microsoft Windows. "Vegas Games 2000" is a collection of twenty-five casino games and variations, including baccarat; money wheel; blackjack, including variations with one, two, four and six decks; craps; keno; poker, including 5 card draw, 5 card stud, 7 card stud, Texas hold'em and jacks or better; roulette; slot machines, including five themes; video keno; and video poker, including five variations. Each player starts off with an initial $5000, and statistics are kept showing how well the player performs on each game. The game includes a multiplayer mode wherein up to seven players could compete in table games through MPlayer. It was rereleased in 2000 under the name "Vegas Games: Midnight Madness" and split into two versions: "Slots #amp; Videos" and "Table Games". PlayStation. The PlayStation version features seven games with a total of 21 variations between them, including blackjack, craps, poker, video poker, roulette, baccarat and slots. It has a multiplayer mode which allows up to four players. Game Boy Color. The Game Boy Color version features eight games with over 20 variations between them, including keno, money wheel, baccarat, slots, video poker, craps, roulette and blackjack. The multiplayer allows for up to four players, utilized by handing the system off for each player's turn. Reception. "IGN", reviewing the PC and PlayStation version of the game, gave it a 4/10 and called "some of the graphic decisions [.] a little perplexing" and the game a "disappointment" musically. They praised the roulette game but criticized the poker AI, stating: "it would have been nice to have a more challenging group of opponents." They called the game's "multitude of options [.] thoroughly confusing", citing a lack of a tutorial. "" criticized the game for a lack of innovation and poor sound but praised the graphics as "sharp and clear" and the controls as "easy to understand and use". They gave it a final score of 2.5 out of 5, calling it "almost too squeaky clean" to emulate the feel of a real casino, instead recommending the game for "gamers under 18 or people who realize the inherent pitfalls of gambling for real money". "Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine" called the AI "timid" but called the interface "intuitive" and the style "simple" and "unpretentious", calling its approach "no-frills" and giving it a 3.5 out of 5. Spanish gaming magazine "SuperJuegos" gave "Midnight in Vegas" an 83/100, stating the sound could be improved but that the game, "sufficiently fulfills the expectations that gambling game lovers may have." French gaming magazine "Consoles Plus" gave the PlayStation version of the game a 65%, criticizing the graphics. French gaming website "Jeuxvideo" gave the PlayStation version an 8/20, calling the interface "overwhelmingly ugly" and the graphics "sloppy" but praising replayability. UK PlayStation magazine "Extreme" gave it a 23%, calling it "basically [.] a complete waste of money" and criticizing it for "bad graphics", "minimal sound", and "zero presentation". "Eurogamer" called "Midnight Madness" "tripe", describing it as a "painstakingly accurate recreation" of the gambling games "with a nice GUI tacked on top" and criticizing it as "lacking imagination and fun". They compared it to shareware and gave it a 4/10. Game Boy Color version. German magazine gave the Game Boy Color version a 4/10, citing a lack of fun or "sense of achievement". "IGN" called it "not even close" to a fun game and gave it a 3/10, citing a password save mechanic that only saves money and not statistics, a "clunky interface", a "confusing" multiplayer system, and the game giving you "no sense of victory" when you win. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006058 Pontycymmer railway station Pontycymmer railway station served the village of Pontycymer, in the historical county of Glamorganshire, Wales, from 1889 to 1953 on the Garw Valley Railway. History. The station was opened on 1 June 1889 by the Great Western Railway, although it was used earlier by miners in 1877. It was also shown earlier in Bradshaw, although the first train was shown in July 1889. It closed on 9 February 1953. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006061 List of Badminton World Cup medalists The tables below are Badminton World Cup medalists of all events (Men's and Women's Singles, Men's and Women's Doubles and Mixed). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006069 Jan Przecherka Jan Przecherka (18 February 1922 - 7 January 1981) was a Polish footballer. He played in four matches for the Poland national football team in 1948. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006076 Santander Golf Tour Zaragoza The Santander Golf Tour Zaragoza is a women's professional golf tournament on Spain's Santander Golf Tour that has featured on the LET Access Series. It is held at Real Club de Golf La Penaza in Zaragoza, Spain. At the 2021 event, England's Rachael Goodall clinched her third LET Access Series title after triumphing in a seven-hole playoff against Nina Pegova of Russia. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006078 Bakersfield (CDP), Vermont Bakersfield is the primary village and a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Bakersfield, Franklin County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 347, out of 1,273 in the entire town of Bakersfield. The CDP is in southeastern Franklin County, in the center of the town of Bakersfield. Vermont Route 108 is the village Main Street; it leads south to Jeffersonville and north to Enosburg Falls. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006093 Wladyslaw Przybysz Wladyslaw Przybysz (26 May 1900 - 31 December 1975) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1928. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006117 Witold Przykucki Witold Przykucki (4 March 1907 - 14 May 1940) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1928. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006157 Stanislaw Ptak Stanislaw Ptak (17 April 1902 - September 1939) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1927. He disappeared during the Soviet invasion of Poland in September 1939. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006194 Aleksander Pychowski Aleksander Pychowski (3 November 1903 - 20 October 1943) was a Polish footballer. He played in three matches for the Poland national football team from 1925 to 1926. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006226 Skin (Joy Crookes album) Skin is the debut studio album by British singer-songwriter Joy Crookes, released through Insanity Records on 15 October 2021. The album has spawned four singles, including "Feet Don't Fail Me Now" and "When You Were Mine", both of which reached number one on the UK Asian Top 40 chart. Primarily a modern soul-jazz record led by orchestral string arrangements, "Skin" is an "autobiographical body of work" inspired by Crookes' heritage and identity, as well as her experiences of young adulthood and heartbreak. The album was met with widespread acclaim upon release, with critics praising the subject matter, production and Crookes' vocal performance. Background and release. At the 2020 Brit Awards, Joy Crookes was nominated for the Rising Star Award, which predicts the biggest upcoming British musicians. In September of that year, she gained moderate mainstream attention with the release of her cover version of The Wannadies' 1994 single "You #amp; Me Song", which was featured in an O2 TV advertisement, consequently entering both the UK Singles Downloads and the UK Singles Sales charts. In June 2021, Crookes released the single "Feet Don't Fail Me Now" and its accompanying music video. The track debuted atop the UK Asian Music Top 40 chart, while the music video was nominated for Best Pop Video - UK, Best Wardrobe Styling in a Video and Best Hair #amp; Makeup in a Video at the 2021 UK Music Video Awards. In August 2021, Crookes announced the release of "Skin", and released its title track alongside a music video as the second single. "When You Were Mine" was released later that month as the third single and reached number one on the UK Asian Top 40. Its accompanying music video was released in early October 2021. "Trouble" was released as the fourth single on 13 October 2021, two days before the release of the album. Composition and lyrics. Described by "Clash" as "orchestral soul-jazz", "Skin" is primarily a modern soul record with elements of R#amp;B, jazz, pop, neo-soul and trip-hop, and is characterized by its orchestral string arrangements. There are also a number of piano ballads on the album. Inspired largely by her own British-Irish-Bangladeshi heritage, Crookes lyrically explores themes of young adulthood, heartbreak, and identity. In a post on social media, Crookes wrote "This is the proudest work I have made to date. It is an autobiographical body of work, the album consists of songs I wrote when I was 15 up until 22. This is an album about my identity." Critical reception. "Skin" received widespread acclaim in reviews from contemporary music critics upon release. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from professional publications, the album has an average score of 89, based on 4 reviews. "DIY" rated the album five out of five stars and described it as "a rich, varied and considered body of work [.] worthy of elevating the singer into the realm of Britain's classiest chart-bothering talents", noting that it "does everything a debut should, dipping into multiple pools but uniting them all with a consistent outlook and a clear voice." Apart from praising its sociopolitical subject matter, Alim Kheraj of "The Guardian" described the record as "vibrant, urgent and brimming with life", and wrote that "if the point of a debut album is getting to know an artist, then "Skin" is a masterclass." Writing for "NME", Sophie Williams noted that it "rises from the most intimate pockets of Crookes's life: the emotional turmoil around growing up, heartbreak, forgiveness, and relationships that don't offer the sanctuary they promise." In a review for "Clash", Hannah Browne described "Skin" as "a candid, soulful exploration of identity" with "13 smooth jams [that] showcase Joy Crookes not only as a vocalist or candid writer but as the new face of British soul." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006248 Michael Kim (footballer) Michael Kim (; born 10 June 1973) is a Canadian soccer manager who is assistant manager of South Korea. Career. Playing career. Kim played college soccer for the Louisville Cardinals. Managerial career. In 2007, he was appointed assistant manager of South Korea U23. In 2008, he was appointed consultant of English Premier League side Manchester United. In 2015, Kim was appointed manager of Daejeon Hana Citizen in the South Korean top flight. After that, he was appointed assistant manager of Chinese second division club Shanghai Shenxin. In 2017, he was appointed assistant manager of FC Anyang in the South Korean second division. In 2018, Kim was appointed assistant manager of South Korea. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006260 Alpinista Alpinista (foaled 16 February 2017) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse. She showed some promise as a juvenile in 2019 when she won a maiden race on her debut and finished fourth in the Prix d'Aumale. In the following year she won the Upavon Fillies' Stakes and ran second in the Yorkshire Oaks. In 2021 she won her first four races, namely the Daisy Warwick Stakes, Lancashire Oaks, Grosser Preis von Berlin, Preis von Europa and Grosser Preis von Bayern. Background. Alpinista is a grey filly bred in England by her owner Kirsten Rausing.She was sent into training with Mark Prescott at Heath House stable in Newmarket, Suffolk. She was from the fourth crop of foals sired by Frankel, an undefeated racehorse whose other progeny have included Cracksman, Adayar, Soul Stirring and Hurricane Lane. Alpinista's dam Alwilda showed good racing ability, winning four of her twenty four starts including the Listed Silbernes Band in Germany as a five-year-old. Alwilda's dam Albanova was named German Horse of the Year in 2004 and was a full-sister to Alborada. Albanova was a granddaughter of Alruccaba, an influential broodmare whose other descendants have included Yesterday, Allegretto (Prix Royal Oak) and Aussie Rules (Poule d'Essai des Poulains) and Albanova (Preis von Europa). Racing career. 2019: two-year-old season. Alpinista made her debut in a maiden race over seven furlongs at Epsom Racecourse on 18 July when she was ridden by Luke Morris and started at odds of 11/4 in a six runner field. She recovered from a slow start to take the lead approaching the final furlong and went clear of he opponents to win by two and a half lengths. She was then stepped up in class for the Group 3 Prestige Stakes at Goodwood Racecourse on 24 August but after becoming upset in the starting stalls she started poorly and never looked likely to win, coming home sixth of the seven runners behind Boomer. Two weeks later Alpinista was sent to France to contest the Group 3 Prix d'Aumale over 1400 metres on good to soft ground at Longchamp Racecourse. She raced towards the rear of the field before finishing strongly and finished fourth behind Savarin, beaten less than a length by the winner. 2020: three-year-old season. The 2020 flat racing season was delayed by restrictions imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and Apinista did not race until 20 July when she was sent to France for the Listed Prix Madame Jean Couturie over 2000 metres at Vichy. She finished fourth behind Tickle Me Green but appeared to be an unlucky loser as she was beaten three quarters of a length by the winner after being denied a clear run in the closing stages. For her first run of the season in England she was ridden by Ryan Tate when she started at odds of 12/1 for the Listed Upavon Fillies's Stakes over ten furlongs at Salisbury Racecourse on 13 August. In a change of tactics, Alpinista went to the front soon after the start and was never seriously challenged, drawing away in the closing stages to win by more than three lengths from the Queen's filly Award Scheme. Tate, who was winning his first major race, commented "It was a great opportunity given to me by the boss, and thank you to the owners for letting me ride her. She has always been a very nice filly at home and thankfully she is progressing the right way - and there is plenty more left in the locker." A week after her win at Salisbury Alpinista was moved up to Group 1 class for the first time to contest the Yorkshire Oaks over one and a half miles at York Racecourse. Ridden by Tate she started the 33/1 outsider of the six runners but belied her odds as she stayed on well to finish second to the favourite Love. On her final run of the season Alpinista started favourite for the Group 3 Princess Royal Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse on 25 September but was beaten half a length by the four-year-old Antonia De Vega after hanging to the left in the closing stages. 2021: four-year-old season. Alpinista began her third campaign in the Listed Daisy Warwick Stakes over one and a half miles at Goodwood on 30 April and started the 13/8 favourite against three opponents. Ridden by Morris she settled in second place behind the six-year-old Makawee before getting the better of a "sustained battle" with her older rival in the straight to prevail by a short head. After the race Luke Morris said "The plan was to make all today, but [James Doyle on Makawee] was quite keen to go on, so I was quite happy to take a close sit. When I finally drew up to him at the two pole I was fairly confident I had his measure. My filly is probably a gallop or two short of her best on her homework and she was just a bit ring-rusty when I went for her. Hopefully there's plenty of improvement in her." After a break of over two months, Alpinista returned to the track at Haydock Park on 3 July when she started the 11/4 favourite for the Group 3 Lancashire Oaks on soft ground, with the best fancied of her eight opponents being the three-year-olds Dubai Fountain (winner of the Cheshire Oaks) and Mystery Angel (Pretty Polly Stakes. After being settled in second place by Morris behind the front-running Mystery Angel, Alpinista took the lead inside the last quarter mile and stayed on well to win by one and a quarter lengths from Lady Hayes. Her assistant trainer William Butler, commented "She's very game and we've trained lots of her family, who were very game as well. We were slightly worried about the ground as she was so effective on firm last summer, but her class got her through." Alpinista was then sent to Germany to contest the Group 1 Grosser Preis von Berlin over 2400 metres at Hoppegarten on 8 August 2021 when she attempted to emulate grand-dam Albanova who won the race in 2004. With Morris in the saddle she started the 3.8/1 third choice in the betting behind Torquator Tasso and Walton Street (Dubai City of Gold) in an eight-runner field which also included Sunny Queen (Grosser Preis von Bayern), Kaspar (Grosser Preis der Badischen Wirtschaft) and Nerium (Gerling-Preis). She settled in fourth place as Walton Street set the pace from Kaspar and Torquator Tasso before moving up on the outside on the final turn. Alpinista ran down Walton Street 200 metres from the finish, opened up a clear advantage and won by two and three quarter lengths and a length from Torquator Tasso and Walton Street. Mark Prescott, commenting from his home in Newmarket, said "This was the aim and it's not often these things go according to plan is it? I never get tired of winning any race--aren't I lucky? She stays, doesn't she? She just got stronger the further she went." The form of the race was subsequently franked as Torquator Tasso and Walton Street won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and the Canadian International Stakes respectively. On 26 September Alpinista returned to Germany and again attempted to follow in the hoofprints of Albanova when she contested the Preis von Europa over 2400 metres at Cologne and started the 1.1/1 favourite. Her seven opponents included Sisfahan (Deutsches Derby), Northern Ruler (Prix du Lys), Kaspar, Sunny Queen and Nerium. With Morris in the saddle as usual, she tracked the leaders on the outside as Nerium set the pace before making a forward move entering the straight. She overhauled the leader 200 metres from the finish and won by one and a quarter lengths from Nerium, with Sisfahan in third. Butler commented "It's great - she's done everything we've asked of her this year. So we're very, very lucky to have her. The main thing is to get her back home and make sure she's OK. With these fillies, you've just got to make sure they're in good form and they're healthy - and when they are, they can do things like this." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006288 2022 IFSC Climbing World Cup The 2022 IFSC Climbing World Cup is the 34th edition of the international sport climbing competition series organised by the International Federation of Sport Climbing (IFSC), held in 14 locations. There are 21 events: seven bouldering, seven lead, and seven speed events. The series begins on 1 April in Moscow, Russia with the first bouldering and speed competitions of the season, and concluding on 30 September in Wujiang, China. The top 3 in each competition receive medals, and the overall winners are awarded trophies. At the end of the season, an overall ranking is determined based upon points, which athletes are awarded for finishing in the top 30 of each individual event. Scheduling. The IFSC announced the 2022 World Cup schedule in October 2021. The series opens in Moscow instead of the traditional curtain-raiser in Meiringen, Switzerland, and repeats the back-to-back events held in Salt Lake City, introduced in the 2021 series The IFSC followed up in December 2021 with an announcement of Koper, Slovenia as a first-time host city, a change from the traditional host city of Kranj, Slovenia which hosted a World Cup event 25 times between 1996 and 2021, as well as Wujiang as the last stop in the circuit. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006302 Walter Archer Walter Edward Archer C.B. F.R.S.E. (4 July 1855 - 19 August 1917) was a British civil servant, spy and specialist on "the sex life of the salmon". He led the Fisheries Division of the UK government's Board of Agriculture and Fisheries from 1903 to 1912. Between 1908-1912, he served as President of the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea, the world's oldest intergovernmental science organization. His interest in salmon took him to live in Sand, Rogaland, Norway. In 1912, Archer and his son Hugh were recruited as agents by Mansfield Smith-Cumming, the first director of the Secret Intelligence Service, who gave them the codenames "Sage" and "Sagette", to spy on German ships in Norwegian and Danish waters. Life and career. Early life and education. Walter Edward Archer was born on 4 July 1855 at Hampton, London, England, the son of Captain Clement Robert Archer, Dragoon Guards, and Eliza Swetenham, third daughter of Robert Hay Murray, great-grandson of John Murray, 3rd Duke of Atholl and grandson of the Thomas Hay, 9th Earl of Kinnoull. Salmon fishing. Archer was a key figure in early research into "the sex life of the salmon" and in efforts to protect it from commercial netting. He set up home in Norway, having secured the fishing rights to the Suldalslagen, a major salmon river in 1884. It was salmon fishing that was the primary interest of Walter Archer when he came to Sand, Rogaland. He leased all rights to salmon fishing in the entire Suldal watercourse for a period of 40 years, from 1884 to 1924. Salmon stairs were built in the Sandsfossen waterfall in Sand, a hatchery was started, salmon were marked as part of an extensive work to protect and strengthen the salmon stock. For the first time in hundreds of years, the fish could go undisturbed by anything other than sport fishing with rod and line on the entire stretch. In 1892, Archer was appointed Chief Inspector of Salmon Fisheries in Scotland. He left Scotland in 1898 to take up the position of Inspector of Fisheries for England and Wales. As Assistant Secretary, Archer was in charge of the Fisheries Division of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries since its establishment in October 1903. He was a member of the Royal Commission on Salmon Fisheries, 1900-1902, the Committee on Ichthyological Research and in 1908, Archer became President of the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea, the world's oldest intergovernmental science organization. On 3 May 1912, The Times reported that Archer had been compelled to "retire from the public service owning to ill-health". Espionage. At the end of 1912, Walter Archer and his eldest son Hugh were recruited with the codenames "Sage" and "Sagette" by Sir Mansfield Smith-Cumming, the first director of the Secret Intelligence Service, to spy on German ships off the coast of Southern Norway and Denmark. Hugh was a former naval lieutenant and specialist navigator. They were "intimately acquainted with both countries". They were paid PS1,200 to spend a year ship-watching and fulfilling other naval requirements and planned to sail around the coasts of Norway and Denmark in a private yacht, recruiting lighthouse keepers, ships' pilots and coast guards to report German naval movements. "Sage" and "Sagette" were discharged by Cumming during a meeting at the Union Club on 23 May 1913, with "Sagette" kept on for a further 6 months. Personal life. Archer married Alice Lima Murray, daughter of Robert Hay Murray and Elizabeth Gregson, on 17 October 1878, aged 23 years old. They had six children: Walter Archer died on 19 August 1917 at Sand, Rogaland, where he is buried. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006311 Franciszek Pytel Franciszek Pytel (24 June 1918 - 31 December 1988) was a Polish footballer. He played in one match for the Poland national football team in 1937. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006337 Nikolett Szilagyi Nikolett Szilagyi (born 25 September 2005) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast who represented Hungary at the inaugural Junior World Championships. Early life. Nikolett Szilagyi was born in Debrecen, Hungary on 25 September 2005. Gymnastics career. Espoir. 2017-18. In April 2017 Szilagyi competed at the Elek Matolay Memorial where she placed first in the all-around in her age division. In June 2018 Szilagyi competed at Gym Festival Trnava where she placed third in the all-around. She next competed at the Olympic Hopes Cup where she helped Hungary finish first as a team. Individually she placed fifth in the all-around, fourth on balance beam, and fifth on floor exercise. 2019. Szilagyi began the year competing at the Elek Matolay Memorial, International GymSport, and Gym Festival Trnava. She was selected to represent Hungary at the inaugural Junior World Championships alongside Mirtill Makovits and Hanna Szujo; they finished sixteenth as a team. Szilagyi ended the year competing at the Olympic Hopes Cup where she helped Hungary finish third. Individually she fourteenth in the all-around but won bronze on balance beam. Senior. 2021. Szilagyi turned senior in 2021. She competed at the Hungarian Super Team Championships and the Hungarian Event Championships. At the Gym Festival Trnava Szilagyi finished first in the all-around, vault, and floor exercise and third on uneven bars and balance beam. At the Hungarian Championships she placed second in the all-around behind Dorina Boczogo. Szilagyi was selected to represent Hungary at the 2021 World Championships alongside Csenge Bacskay, Zoja Szekely, and Zsofia Kovacs. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006346 Zbigniew Plaszewski Zbigniew Plaszewski (born 18 August 1951) is a Polish footballer. He played in five matches for the Poland national football team from 1976 to 1980. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006349 Kenichi Tahara is a Japanese musician. He plays lead guitar in the band Mr. Children. Early life. He was born in Fukuoka, and moved to Nakano, Tokyo. He attended Komae Daini Junior High School in Tokyo, where he met the other future band members Keisuke Nakagawa and Hideya Suzuki. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006388 Jacek Pluciennik Jacek Pluciennik (25 July 1970 - 3 September 1998) was a Polish footballer. He played in four matches for the Poland national football team from 1994 to 1997. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006413 Battle of Vacacai The Battle of Vacacai, also known as the Battle of Bacacay or Vacacay, was a small skirmish fought in 13 February 1827 between a small militia cavalry force of the Imperial Brazilian Army and an Argentine detachment in the context of the Cisplatine War. Battle. Lieutenant Marcelino Ferreira do Amaral, leading a cavalry force of 70 militiamen, surprised an Argentine detachment of 100 men, who fled, leaving two officers and 20 soldiers killed during the shock and the chase that ensued. However, col. Lavalle, with a 700 strong cavalry force, came to help the republicans, to which Lt. Amaral decided to withdraw and join forces with his commander, the Major Gabriel Gomes Lisboa, that only had 200 militiamen under his command. Still unable to fight Lavalle, Lisboa continued the retreat until he met Col. Bento Manuel Ribeiro, head of the brigade to which Lisboa belonged. In this retreat the imperials had two killed and three wounded. Lavalle backed away as soon as he saw Bento Manuel's column. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006435 CityLink Blue (MTA Maryland) CityLink Blue (BL) is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration between Bayview, Baltimore City, and Westgate, Baltimore City, or Woodlawn, Baltimore County. Most westbound trips on the route depart from Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center, at the intersection of East Lombard Street and Bioscience Drive in East Baltimore, and terminate at the Centers for Medicare #amp; Medicaid Services (CMS) on Security Boulevard in Woodlawn. Some trips on late nights on weekdays or throughout the day on weekends terminate instead at the North Bend Loop by the intersection of Edmondson Avenue and North Bend Road, near the western boundary of Baltimore City. Eastbound trips travel the reverse route between these terminal stops; likewise, most of these trips depart from the CMS stop, but some depart from the North Bend Loop stop. The CityLink Blue route runs along a largely similar path to that of the planned Red Line east-west light rail line, which was cancelled by Governor Larry Hogan in June 2015. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006441 Soma dynasty Soma dynasty (; ) was a Hindu Rajput dynasty that ruled the present-day Kathmandu Valley, in central Nepal. It was founded by Nimistakar Barma (sometimes referred to as Nimish I) in 205 CE, after the fall of the Kirata Kingdom. In 305, the dynasty was succeeded by the Licchavi dynasty. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006465 Bruno Wang Bruno Wang is a Taiwanese businessman, philanthropist, and fugitive. Family and personal life. Bruno is the son of Andrew Wang, a Taiwanese businessman and arms dealer. He has three siblings. According to his charity the Pureland Foundation he is based in London. According to The Guardian he lives in the Cayman Islands. Career. In 2001 Swiss authorities froze accounts held by Bruno, his mother and his father in connection to the Taiwan frigate scandal. In 2006 Andrew Wang, his wife, and their four children were indicted by Taiwanese prosecutors on charges of bribery, money laundering and related illegal actions. Bruno Wang denies the allegations against him. Andrew Wang died in 2015 and Taiwanese authorities continued collection actions against his family after his death. Wang was the co-executive producer of the movie adaptation of The Aspern Papers. In 2017 Taiwan's supreme court ordered the return of US$312.5 million in illegal proceeds held by the Wang family. In 2021 a Taiwanese high court estimated that the family still held US$520 million of illegal proceeds which was in addition to the US$312.5 million ordered returned in 2017. Philanthropy. Bruno is the founder of the charity Pureland Foundation. He has been a production partner of both the New Vic and Old Vic theaters. In 2021 his charity Pureland Foundation helped support 'Stop Asian Hate' rallies in San Bernardino, California. In 2021 Wang became embroiled in a scandal over contributions to Prince Charles' charity The Prince's Foundation. He donated PS500,000 to the foundation. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006491 Kung'u Ndung'u Kung'u Ndung'u is a Kenyan civil engineer and business executive who was appointed as the Director-General of the Kenya National Highways Authority (KeNHA), effective 8 October 2021. He replaced "Peter Mundinia" who retired. Before his current assignment, Kung'u was the Director of Road Asset and Corridor Management at KeNHA. Early life and education. Kung'u was born circa 1972. He attended Kenyan primary and secondary schools. He was admitted to the University of Nairobi to study civil engineering, graduating in 1997 with a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering. Later, he was awarded an Executive Master of Business Administration (Executive MBA), by Jomo Kenyatta University. Career. Kung'u has spent most of his professional career at KeNHA. He is reported to have overseen the construction of the Dongo Kundu Bypass Highway, the "Mwache Bridge Project" and the "Kitui-Kibwezi Road Project", among others. It is reported that during the interview for his current position, he demonstrated "wide knowledge" of roads engineering and showed evidence of "leadership and management abilities". He is reported to possess a number of leadership skills, including "prudent financial management, human resource management and good governance". On 8 October he was appointed as director general at KeNHA for a three-year term, renewable once, if he performs satisfactorily. Other considerations. Kung'u Ndung'u was named employee of the year in 2017, at Kenya National Highways Authority. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006508 Taiwan frigate scandal The Taiwan frigate scandal was a huge political scandal, both in Taiwan and France. History. In 1998 a former French foreign minister claimed that US$500 million commission was paid by Thomson-CSF (now Thales), the prime contractor, on the sale of La Fayette-class frigates to Taiwan. Eight people involved in the contract died in unusual and possibly suspicious circumstances. Arms dealer Andrew Wang fled Taiwan to the UK after the body of presumptive whistleblower Captain Yin Ching-feng was found floating in the sea. In 2001 Swiss authorities froze accounts held by Andrew Wang, his wife, and his son Bruno Wang in connection to the Taiwan frigate scandal. Six ROC naval officers were indicted on corruption charges relating to the affair. In 2003, the Taiwanese Navy sued Thomson-CSF (Thales) to recover alleged $590 million in kickbacks, paid to French and Taiwanese officials to grease the 1991 "La Fayette" deal. In 2006 Andrew Wang, his wife, and their four children were indicted by Taiwanese prosecutors on charges of bribery, money laundering and related illegal actions. The kickback money was deposited in Swiss banks, and under the corruption investigation, Swiss authorities froze approx. $730 million in over 60 accounts. In June 2007 the Swiss authority returned $34 million from frozen accounts to Taiwan, with additional funds pending. Andrew Wang died in the UK in 2015 and collection efforts continued against his family. In 2017 Taiwan's supreme court ordered the return of US$312.5 million in illegal proceeds held by the Wang family. In February 2021, the Federal Department of Justice and Police said that Switzerland will restitute nearly US$266 million to Taiwan. In July 2021 a Taiwanese high court ordered the return of US$520 million of illegal proceeds from the scandal which was in addition to the US$312.5 million ordered returned in 2017. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006563 Derek Joseph Derek Joseph (1945-2021) was a Pakistan army officer of Armenian origin and a veteran of Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. Joseph joined the Pakistan army in 1969 and later fought in Indo-Pakistan war of 1971 where he destroyed seven Indian tanks. He was awarded Tamgha-i-Jurat for his actions during the war. After the war, Joseph chose to be sent on deputation to United Arab Emirates Armed Forces where he served for three years before returning to Pakistan. He retired in the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. He died on 29 July 2021 in Peshawar city. Personal life. Joseph was born on 13 November 1945 in Peshawar city, North-West Frontier Province, British India. Dennis Joseph, a retired professor at Edwardes College and the brother of Derek Joseph, says that their family came from Armenia to Afghanistan and stayed in Kabul and Nangarhar before moving to British India following the withdrawal of British troops from Afghanistan. Joseph's family arrived in Peshawar, capital of North-West Frontier Province in 1890 and has remained there ever since. Derek Joseph's father, Dr. Paul Joseph, was a general surgeon at the Mission Hospital in Peshawar and his mother used to teach English language at various colleges. Military career. Joseph was commissioned into the Pakistan Army on 20 April 1969 and later fought in Indo-Pakistan war of 1971. During the war he destroyed seven Indian tanks and was awarded Tamgha-i-Jurat for his valour. Death. Derek Joseph died on 29 July 2021 in Peshawar city. He was buried with full military honors in a military graveyard in Peshawar city. A number of retired Pakistani military personnel and civil servants described Joseph as brave soldier and expressed their grief over the death of Joseph. See also. Armenians in Pakistan 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006565 Digital Dera Digital Dera "ddyjyyttl ddyrh" is an initiative to digitalize the agriculture sector in remote fertile lands of South Punjab by providing a community internet network to local farmers. It was established with the collaboration of Agriculture Republic, Internet Society, Accountability Lab, PTCL, and Hayat Farms in remote agricultural land of Chak No. 26/SP, District Pakpattan. It aims to provide free internet connectivity for better access to digital agricultural resources. The future goal is to introduce agriculture-based smart villages through IoT integration. Background. A group of progressive agricultural entrepreneurs from South Punjab who previously founded "Agriculture Republic", an Agriculture Think Tank, decided to start Digital Dera with NGOs' help and the support of Director General Agriculture (Punjab Agriculture Department). It is part of the "Digital Agriculture Community Network Project", targeting more than 1500 farmers in the rural belt of South Punjab. See also. Smart villages in Asia 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006579 Marsudi Wahyu Kisworo Marsudi Wahyu Kisworo is an Indonesian Professor of Information System affiliated with Perbanas Institute. On 13 October 2021, he appointed as Member of National Research and Innovation Agency (BRIN) Steering Committee by Joko Widodo. Early life and education. Marsudi was born as son of Djoko Susilo, a teacher of Teacher Education School. Due to his father mobile assignment, he rarely stay long in one place and constantly moving from one town to another town. He enrolled to Department of Electrical Engineering, Bandung Institute of Technology (ITB) in 1978. He later took specialization of Computer System and Engineering during his study here and graduated in 1983. He was worked to a company, and later continuing his study to Curtin University of Technology thru AIDAB scholarship in 1989. He obtained his master degree in Computer Science in 1990 and Ph.D. degree in Information Technology in 1992. Rise to Prominence. First Indonesian IT Professor. Marsudi was appointed as Professor in the field of Information Technology in 2002. At that time, he was the first Indonesian IT professor. He also advisor of future Vice Head of Corruption Eradication Commission, Bibit Samad Rianto. Founder of Paramadina University. Marsudi is one of founder of Paramadina University []. He together with Nurcholish Madjid, and friends from Islamic Network, an international Indonesian Islamic student "majlis ta'lim", founded the university in 1998. Role in 2019 Indonesian General Election. Marsudi was hired by General Elections Commission (KPU) as system architect of KPU for the 2019 election. Together with experts at that time from University of Indonesia, Bandung Institute of Technology, Sepuluh Nopember Institute of Technology, and Paramadina University, he and others build the Election Information System used by KPU. Marsudi play significant role in clearing false allegation that General Elections Commission favoring Joko Widodo - Ma'ruf Amin during hearing at Constitutional Court by explaining clearly how the Election Information System work, not as alleged by Prabowo Subianto - Sandiaga Uno defense team. Personal Life. Marsudi married to Taty Adiyanty in 1985. Their marriage resulted in 3 children. Marsudi is avid fan of Kungfu and practicing Tai Chi. Aside of his hard skills, he also interested in self-development skills and mastered some of them, including Dale Carnegie method, Stephen Covey method, Anthony Robbins method, Neuro-linguistic programming, to even esoteric practices such as Reiki, Prana, Emotional Freedom Techniques, Hypnotism, and Spiritual intelligence. He also a well trained and seasoned speaker and motivator and possessed several international certification for those skills. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006601 1934 West Tennessee State Teachers football team The 1934 West Tennessee State Teachers football team was an American football team that represented West Tennessee State Teachers College (now known as the University of Memphis) as a member of the Mississippi Valley Conference during the 1934 college football season. In their eleventh season under head coach Zach Curlin, West Tennessee State Teachers compiled a 3-3-2 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006662 Suggestion Theory Suggestion theory is the term that was used in the early part of the 20th century to describe how persuasion worked as a phenomenon of human collective behavior. Because a distinctive function of public communication is to advance social consensus, many scholars of the 19th and 20th century sought to understand the role of human communication in the process of social influence. Writing in 1904, Roy Park recognized suggestion theory as the "suggestive influence exerted by people on each other." To understand suggestion, Park focused on studies of collective behavior like rallies and crowds. noting that "when two or more people come in contact. a 'circular process' of mutual suggestibility gets triggered" However, scholars used different terms, including imitation, sympathy, reciprocal suggestion and prestige suggestion to describe the role of human communication in consensus formation. During the 1920s and 1930s, rising interest in the nature of propaganda accelerated interest in suggestion theory, which drew upon ideas from the emerging field of psychoanalysis. Yet, by the 1960s, suggestion theory had become a "lost doctrine" as it was effectively marginalized by scholars aiming to establish communication scholarship as a new discipline. Instead of emphasizing how humans engage in reciprocal suggestion to influence each other's attitudes and behavior, communication scholars critiqued studies of propaganda and persuasion, and emphasized the idea that media had only limited effects on individuals in society. Focus on rational argumentation replaced examination of popular suggestibility, propaganda, and persuasion. Historical Context. At a time when scholarly inquiry was becoming more specialized and fields of sociology and psychology were brand new, many scholars were trying to understand how social influence occurred. Suggestion theory drew upon studies of crowd behavior, social movements, public opinion, rumor, and fashion, and it was situated at the intersection of the new academic disciplines of sociology and psychology, which were rival traditions. The new field of communication which was established in the post-World War II era did not embrace the earlier generation's work in propaganda and social influence. Because new academic discipline of communication proclaimed itself to be cross-disciplinary and focused on "behavioral sciences," it rejected earlier scholarship and mislabelled it as the hypodermic needle theory, the idea that communication messages affected all people in the same way. During and after World War II, academics in many fields worked actively on behalf of the federal government. Communication scholars worked on propaganda campaigns for both domestic and foreign audiences. They had a vested interest in rejecting and marginalizing suggestion theory. According to Jefferson Pooley, suggestion theory "had a disqualifying impertinence: It failed to distinguish between good and bad persuasion." After World War II, communication departments in U.S. universities were created by bringing together scholars with an interest in interpersonal communication and those with an interest in mass communication, and they became unified under a theory called the two-step flow, the idea that mass media and interpersonal communication both function to influence public opinion. The shift to marginalize suggestion theory helped to cement "a detente in a young field where sociological and psychological inquiry into mass communication and interpersonal communication were envisioned as interdependent parts of the same field of study." In the 1950s, suggestion theory was explored by psychologists and sociologists interested in conformity, and this theory emphasized that interpersonal networks acted as a buffer that protected individuals from the direct effects of mass communication. But an idealistic vision of interpersonal communication becomes less compelling in the age of the Internet, where anyone can create emotionally-compelling propaganda using memes and videos, and social networks are intentionally designed to cultivate outrage, creating stifling, conformity-inducing places where emotion trumps reason. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006674 Kromskiye Byki Kromskiye Byki () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located in the Byk River basin (a left tributary of the Seym), 30.5 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 69 km south-west of Kursk, 19 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 8 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Kromskiye Byki has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Kromskiye Byki is located on the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), on the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-030 - Kauchuk - 38K-024), 2.5 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "25 km" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 75.5 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 130 km from Belgorod International Airport and 275 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006708 Dukes Hotel Dukes Hotel, now known just as Dukes, is a luxury 90 room/suite hotel at 35 and 36 St James's Place, London, founded in 1908. Previous guests have included the composer Edward Elgar, the author Ian Fleming, and various members of the British royal family. History. The close in which the hotel is situated was once known as Cleveland Court, which was named after Cleveland House, the London residence of the Duchess of Cleveland, the mistress of Charles II. In 1801, Henry Thomas Austen, brother of the novelist Jane Austen, had offices in Cleveland Court. Hotel and bar. According to "The Daily Telegraph", the hotel is "reassuringly old-fashioned". Jack Brooksbank, Princess Eugenie's husband, is reported to have told Richard Eden, the "Daily Mail"'s royalty editor, that there is a secret tunnel from the nearby St James's Palace to Dukes Bar. From the hotel itself, Dukes Bar is accessed via "a small, unmarked door". The clientele were once described as a typical Mayfair set: "wealthy, tawdry, and slightly disreputable" but fading into the background after a couple of the bar's martinis. Guests. Past guests have included the composer Edward Elgar, who often visited, and the James Bond author Ian Fleming who frequented Dukes Bar where he decided that Bond's favoured drink would be a vodka martini, "shaken, not stirred". The Vesper Martini is the Dukes Bar "signature drink" and includes five shots of gin, with a two-drink limit; any attempt to purchase a third one will be declined. Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother is rumoured to have been a regular, as well as Diana, Princess of Wales, who had "a small table in the drawing room permanently reserved" for afternoon tea. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006727 Templeton railway station Templeton railway station served the village of Templeton, Pembrokeshire, Wales, from 1877 to 1964 on the Pembroke and Tenby Railway. History. The station was opened as Templeton Platform in October 1877 by the Pembroke and Tenby Railway, although there is evidence of trains stopping before the station was built in 1867. It was then only used for market trains until it appeared in the timetable in October 1877. It was initially open on Fridays and Saturdays only but it opened every day on 1 May 1906. 'Platform' was dropped from its name in 1905. The station closed on 15 June 1964. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006748 Shishlik Shishlik (Persian: shyshlykh) is a 2021 Iranian black comedy film directed by Mohammad Hossein Mahdavian and written by Amir Mahdi Jule. The film screened for the first time at the 39th Fajr Film Festival and received 4 nominations. Plot. A resident of a small town on the outskirts of Tehran, under the influence of special conditions imposed on him by the head of a factory. Has revolted. He seeks the liberation of his family and. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006864 Chithi (TV series) Chithi () is an Indian Tamil prime time soap opera that ran on Sun TV. The show premiered on 20 December 1999 and ended on 1 November 2001. It aired Monday through Friday at 9:30pm. The serial starred Raadhika Sarathkumar, Sivakumar, Yuvarani Ravindra, Subhalekha Sudhakar, Hemalatha / Neena and Deepa Venkat. while Anju, Latha Sabapathi, Poovilangu Mohan, Ajay Rathnam, Riyaz Khan, Vijay Adhiraj and Tharika play supporting roles. The show was produced by Radaan Mediaworks, directed by C. J. Baskar. The title track was composed by Dhina. It had been receiving the highest ratings of Tamil serials and it was credited as the best serial and received high praising from viewers. It holds the credit of most watched regional Language television program in India ever. It was also aired in Sri Lanka Tamil Channel on Shakthi TV and United Kingdom Tamil Channel on Deepam TV. The show started reairing from 6 April 2020 to 26 June 2021 in Sun TV. A reboot version of the series titled "Chithi 2" premiered from January 27, 2020, on Sun TV starring Raadhika Sarathkumar and Preethi Sharma. Plot. Chithi is a serial based on women empowerment and the challenges faced by women in India. The serial begins with a Brahmin society in Srirangam, Trichy. Ramachandran, lives with his seven-year-old daughter Kaveri and a mentally challenged wife Vaidhegi. He has a best friend, Krishna, son of a box factory watchman. On the night of Karthigai Deepam, Vaidhegi drowns in the river, and at the same time, a woman is seen running and a few men chasing her with firesticks. They set her saree on fire, and she jumps into the river. Vaidhegi is presumed dead and Kaveri longes for a mother's love. She awaits for chithi (step-mum/aunt). Soon, she rescues the woman with the help of Krishna and Ramu. She starts calling her as chithi, which creates chaos among the society people. The woman does not talk, but Kaveri clings to her. Ramu gets irritated and in the end, to prove his stand, he had no other choice but to accept the woman. The woman talks for the first time and reveals her name to be Sharadha. Krishna's father passes away, then Ramu and Krishna go to Madras searching for a job. In Madras, they go to a textile store which is owned by Mahalingam. They buy clothes lings and materials worth about 10 Lacs and ask Mahalingam to loan it to them to which he disagrees. Distraught, they wander around the shop and bumps into Prabhavathi, the daughter of Mahalingam. She convinces her father to loan them, and he agrees. Prabha falls for Ramu and helps both of them in all the ways she can, together with her cousin Velumani. This right side of Prabha has a qualified team, which shows that being the only daughter of a rich man, she would get anything she wants. If she does not get it, no one should get it. This behaviour of Prabha starts at a higher height when she falls in love with Ramu. When Ramu and Krishna become successful in business, Prabha comes forward to reveal her love to Ramu, but he said he has Sharadha waiting for him at Agraharam. She becomes sad and plans to take revenge over Ramu. Mahalingam and Padma fix a groom for Prabhavathi from the USA, just because she forced Krishna to marry her. Velumani and Prabha make Krishna drink more, and makes him marry her at no other choice. Once Ramu marries Sharadha, he brings her and Kaveri to Chennai and later found Krishna being married. As Ramu said he could not leave Krishna in his life, he brings Krishna, Prabha and Velu to the same house where he stays for rent. The owner of the house is Janaki (Mahalingam's first love) and her two daughters. Mahalingam was forced to marry the Padma but secretly lives with Janaki with whom he gave birth to two daughters Viji and Geetha. As days pass, both Sharadha and Prabhavathi become pregnant. Prabhavathi makes Kaveri turn towards her to take revenge on her father and stepmother. Soon Kaveri leaves hostel and Sharadha starts a textile industry named Kavery Garments and builds a new house which she calls as Sharadha Illam. They also bring Krishna's family to that house, including Velumani. Meanwhile, at Janaki's side, Viji loves a shed mechanic Surya, but Janaki reluctant to get her daughter married to a mechanic, makes Viji marry her own uncle's (Janaki's brother) son named Anand, where she faces torture from him. Sharadha and Prabhavathi are admitted in the same hospital at the same time, and both simultaneously deliver sons. Ramu and Krishna fear these children will cause division between them, exchange the babies. Ramu names Krishna's son as Srinivasan and Krishna name Ramu's son as Prasad. Years pass, Sharadha business Kaveri Garments grows with profit, and she delivers two more kids, daughter Swetha and son Sreevatsan. Meanwhile, Prabhavathi and Krishna have their child named Brindha. Since then all five grow at the same house and be like brother sisters. Srinivasan was found to be physically challenged a Prabha eats a table to abort him, but Krishna is happy that child is with Sharadha who loves him. She starts to love Srinivasan more than the other two children. Kaveri, who went to the hostel as a child, return home as a teen. Initially, she was against her chithi by insulting her. Velumani and Prabha make Kaveri fall in love with a womaniser and drug smuggler named Nagu, without knowing his true colours, Kaveri loves him. Soon she starts to elope with him but before that she apologises to her step mum. She even used to insult Srinivas for being a lame person. On the day of fleeing on her 19th birthday, she found Nagu's true colours and both get remanded in a police station, Sharadha comes and saves her and hides the truth from her family. She starts to love her chithi more and realises her mistake, and soon shraddha starts to find a groom for her with Ramu and Krishna. Angered by Velu and Prabha, they try to stop Kaveri wedding by several attempts. They hire Yogi as General Manager for Kaveri Garments, who kept on following Sharadha since her arrival to Srirangam, as few flash scenes were showing Sharadha and Yogi were working together and are relatives. But she does not want to bring her past and dedicates her complete life to Kaveri and Ramu. However, still, they make Yogi stay in their home, as he was a successful Manager for Kaveri Garments and Architect for Sharadha Illam as none knew about the past. Kaveri wedding gets fixed and got stopped as Ramu hid the truth to grooms parents that Sharadha belongs to different caste, as Vaidehi's mother exposed it. She did not like Ramu marrying different caste girl. To make Kaveri come out of it, Ramu and Sharadha do her work at Kaveri Garments. Meanwhile, Viji who faced death under Anand and his family runs from their home and seeks Sharadhas house for shelter. Even she joins the same department of Kaveri at Kaveri Garments, and both enjoy working there Soon Sharadha finds a groom for Kaveri, from a lower-middle-class family. She gifts a house to them, and he works part-time at Temple, then in a computer training centre and evening as hotel supervisor to support his family. His name is Madhavan, who belongs to the same caste as Ramu. Wedding gets fixed, and Madhavan parents are excellent Sharadha being from a different caste. Things go smoothly, and Ramu learns that Vaidhehi is alive, he asks many times to go to his home, but she refused as he lived half of his life with Sharadha, but he secretly lives with her, and only Krishna come to know about it. One day Sharadha and Yogi spots Ramu giving a flower to a female in the car and fight arrives between them, Angered by Yogi he tells who Sharadha is Story shifts to flashback to Thirunelveli, where Sharadha is found to be IAS Collector of Thiruvnelveli, she has a twin sister named Sakthi Eshwar who is AC. Their father Eashwara Pandiyan is a business tycoon and big don of the city which has fume with MLA Viswanathan. Yogi's mother's brother is Eshwara Pandi, as Yogi lost his mom as a toddler, he grew at Eashwaran house. Sakthi was his love interest. Eswara Pandian is not fond of Sharadha and favours Shakti over her. Nevertheless, Sharadha and Shakti are close to each other. There comes a problem and unknowingly Eswara Pandian is a part of it. Amidst this, Sharada and Shakti's mother dies in a bomb blast, and Sharadha fights with her father. She even says that he would be punished. Angered, MLA Viswanathan and Eswara Pandian plot against Sharadha. Shakti suspecting this takes the form of her sister's avatar as Sharadha IAS and goes with Yogi. When they reach a temple, MLA and Eswaran, mistaking Shakti for Sharadha, kills her. Sharadha devastated, argues with her father, who realises his mistake. The MLA, on the other hand, orders his men to kill Sharadha. Eswaran Pandian and Yogi fail to save Sharadha, and Eswaran are arrested. Sharadha runs for her life and jumps into the water, and the little Kaveri saves her life in Kavery River, at Srirangam, which happened at the beginning of the show. Yogi completes telling the story to Ramu and the rest and Sharadha's secret is out. And Vaidheghi's existence is revealed to Sharadha by Krishna and they bring her with Sharadha's approval. Meanwhile, Kaveri gets pregnant while at the same time, Nagu is out of jail to avenge Kaveri. (Madhavan knows about Nagu and Kaveri). Viji faces problems at the factory due to her past life with Anand and Sharadha gets her married to Yogi. Angered and insulted, Anand comes to throw acid at Viji's face but gets involved in an accident. He apologises to Viji before dying, and Anand's chapter is over. Nagu tries very hard to avenge Kaveri. Kaveri is admitted to the hospital at night, and Nagu goes there, which results in Kaveri's miscarriage. Kaveri's mother-in-law starts hating her for hiding the truth about Nagu. Suddenly, Krishna who has gotten liver cancer by his drinking habit last time, But he is mysteriously killed by a group. Prabhavathi poisons Prasad's mind that Ramu and Sharadha are the reason Krishna died. Prasad curses them before leaving Sharadha Illam with his family and Velu. Ramu is left heartbroken with the death of his best friend and rift between his family and Krishna's family. Viji gets pregnant but slips and falls and goes into labour. She dies of injuries but gives birth to a healthy baby girl whom Yogi names Sakthi. The year rolls by, and all the kids are grown up. Kavery is left childless even after consulting many doctors and gains more of her mother-in-law's wrath. Madhavan keeps on supporting her. Srinivas, who is bounded to crouches, becomes a journalist and writer. Shakti is seen to have a feeling for Srinivasan. Shweta becomes a teacher at a school while Srivatsan becomes a doctor. Prasad an engineer and Brindha start training as for IPS. Now Vaidhegi and her mother are staying with Sharadha in a rented house, but act against Sharadha by indirectly helping Prabha. Sharadha Islam is undergoing a court case after Prabha files the fact that she too has a share in it. Things start to heat up when the children fall in love, and Eswaran gets released. Shakti's crush on Srinivas starts to bother Ramu as technically, Srinivas and Shakti are brother and sister as their mothers, Prabha and Viji are half-sisters. But Srinivas starts to fall for a fan of him, Kamini. Brindha and her fellow IPS friend, Shreedar form a mutual friendship, but Shreedar falls for Brindha. Prasad's friend, Daniel, eventually marries Brindha and Prasad gets committed with a girl called Charulatha. Srivatsan marries his doctor friend Sangeetha and stays in her house. What Shweta does comes as a shock to the whole family. At the day of her wedding, Shweta runs away with a useless, poor slum guy called Kannan. Ramu leaves home after this and stays in an Ashramam. It is Prasad, who arranged Kannan through Daniel to torture Sharadha using her daughter, Shweta. But he did not expect Shweta to fall for Kannan. Under some circumstances, Sharadha and the family move to the Janaki's house like before, Vaidhegi chases her mother out and goes a change of heart. Kavery Garment starts to fall apart, and Sharadha stumbles. Eswaran comes and stays with the family. Padmavathy angrily goes to Prabha and tells the truth about her son. It is shown that Krishna told Padmavathy the truth before he died. Later, Padmavathy dies in an accident and Mahalingam also died out of shock. Prabha comes to meet Ramu in the ashram and learns the truth. She is left heartbroken as she loves Prasad a lot. Kaveri stays with Sharadha and her mother-in-law falls sick. Madhavan comes to bring her back but Kaveri disagrees much to Madhavan's anger. But things changes and Madhavan's mother accepts Kaveri with a full heart. Shweta lives a hard and troubled lifestyle. Later, Kanan changes his heart and start a business through the indirect help of Sharadha. But Shwetha starts to demand from Sharadha. Shweta scolds her saying that she always preferred Kaveri over her children, causing Sharadha to get angrier on her and chase her out of Kavery Garments. Ramu returns after some time. Meanwhile, murders take place and it surrounds Prabha and Sharadha's families. Eswaran also dies after fighting with some old rivals in Prabha's residence. Shreedar starts to investigate the case with Brindha and they suspect Prabha to be responsible. Prabha is having a dilemma to choose between Prasad or Srinivas. Her slight affection to her biological son, Srinivas, anger and upsets Prasad. Velu Mani finds the relevant document of Prasad being Sharadha's son and is shocked. Heart-broken knowing that Prasad is not his nephew at first, he changes and demands 5 crores from Prabha to hide the truth. Prabha, scared and helpless, kills Velu also. Everyone is shocked about this. Shakti kills herself after discovering that Srinivas is her brother, by Prabhavathy. The whole family is shattered. Sharadha illam case is solved and Sharadha gets back her home. Srinivas goes to meet Prabha and learns that Shakti went there before killing herself after Prasad accidentally blurts out. Srinivas fights with Prabha and Prasad accidentally pushes him against a wall, injuring his head. Prabha angered at Prasad argues with him and he leaves home devastated. Sharadha learns of Srinivas's injury and is angered, goes to kill Prasad and Prabha. Ramu stops her and tells her the truth that Prasad is her son and Srinivas is Prabha's son. Sharadha cries learning the truth. Meanwhile, Yogi learns the truth about the original sons of Sharadha and Prabha from the suicidal letter of Sakthi. Srinivas comes home and Sharadha breaks down in front of him. They get a call and learn that Prabha had locked herself in a room and wants to speak to Sharadha. They go to Prabha's house and Prabha requests Sharadha to leave Prasad and never come back. Sharadha, realizing Prabha's true love for Prasad, promises her that she would not take Prasad from her and Prasad would always remain as her son. Prabha, thankful, surrenders to the police. Sharadha has to take care of both Prasad and Srinivas. No one knows the truth till the end. Several days later, Yogi brings photograph crew to the Sharadha Illam to take a family photo. To their shock, the crew looks exactly like the dead Eswaran, Velu Mani and much to Ramu's shock, Krishna. But they are not their men. While taking the photograph, Kaveri declares she is pregnant. A few years later, Prabha is released and the whole family with their children pose for the final family photograph. Production. Filming. The series was filmed in Chennai, Kallidaikurichi, Tenkasi, Srirangam, and Kumbakonam in India. Soundtrack. The title song and the background score was composed by the music director Dhina lyrics written by Vairamuthu. Reception. Chithi became one of the most watched Indian soap opera and most watched Tamil program at that time. In week 26 of 2000, it was one of the most watched Indian serial with 4.67 TVR. Overall in 2000, it was the seventeenth most watched Indian television program with 4.45 TVR. From 30 April 2001 to 6 May 2001 and the following week it was at fourth position in All TV homes ratings with 4.7 TVR. On 3 October 2001, it garnered 5.55 TVR. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006894 CityLink Brown (MTA Maryland) CityLink Brown (BR) is a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration between Downtown Baltimore City, and Overlea, Baltimore County, or White Marsh, Baltimore County. Northbound trips on the route depart from University of Maryland Medical Center, at the intersection of South Greene Street and West Pratt Street in Downtown Baltimore, and terminate at either the intersection of Belair Road and East Overlea Avenue just outside the eastern Baltimore City boundary, or at the White Marsh Mall Park #amp; Ride. The northern terminal stop alternates throughout the day, and late night service only runs to Overlea. Southbound trips run between the same terminal stops in reverse; likewise, they depart either from White Marsh or Overlea. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006901 List of 2022 Indian Premier League personnel changes This is a list of all personnel changes for 2022 Indian Premier League. Pre-auction. The BCCI set the deadline of 30 November 2021 for the list of retained players. Retained players. The retained players were announced on 30 November 2021. Ahmedabad's retentions were reported on 17 January 2022 followed by Lucknow's retentions the next day. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006910 Agnete Laustsen Agnete Laustsen (25 September 1935 - 23 October 2018) was a Danish Conservative People's Party politician. She served as a member of the Folketing representing the Sondre Storkreds constituency from October 1979 to March 1998. Laustsen was appointed the first Danish Minister of Health by Prime Minister Poul Schluter, a post she held between September 1987 and June 1988, and was subsequently appointed as the first woman to hold the position of Minister of Housing between June 1988 and December 1990. She was appointed Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1989. Biography. Laustsen was born in Copenhagen, on 25 September 1935, to the civil engineer Otto Laustsen and his wife Else Laustsen. She was brought up with a conservative outlook on life and with bourgeois values in Copenhagen. Laustsen began studying at N. Zahle's School in 1954 and graduated with Master of Science and Candidate of Law degrees from the University of Copenhagen seven years later. Whilst she was studying, she was active in student politics. Laustsen was chair of the Law and Political Science Student Council prior to its shift to the political left and a member of the Danish Bar Association's board from 1958 to 1960. Following her graduation, she was employed as a secretary in the Ministry of the Interior in 1961. Laustsen was promoted to the role of clerk and assistant lawyer nine years later and was appointed the Consumer Ombudsman's office manager in 1977. She also became active in the political scene. From 1962 to 1987, Laustsen was a member of the Copenhagen City Council (), and she was elected to serve as its second chairman between 1982 and 1986. She unsuccessfully stood for election in the City Hall constituency of the Folketing on behalf of The Conservative People's Party (DKF) at both the 1964 Danish general election and the 1975 Danish general election. Laustsen also was unsuccessful in being elected to represent the Hvidovre constituency on behalf of the Social Democrats at the 1973 Danish general election. She was a member of the Copenhagen Municipality Cultural Foundation's board from 1970 and on the board of the Thorvaldsens Museum between 1972 and 1980. From 1971 to 1997, Laustsen served as president of the European Union of Women's Danish section, which has both conservative and Christian Democratic women from 12 member nations. At the 1979 Danish general election, she gained election to the Folketing on her fourth attempt when she voted to represent the Sondre Storkreds for the DKF. Laustsen had interests in housing and social policy. She was a second alternate Member of the European Parliament from 1979 to 1984; a member of the Nordic Council in 1983; was on the Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek board between 1986 and 1987; and served as chair of the Folketing's Social Affairs Committee between 1983 and 1987. Laustsen was appointed by Poul Schluter, the Prime Minister, to serve as Denmark's first Minister of Health from 10 September 1987 to 3 June 1988. She had to moderate the debate on AIDS in Denmark and talks concerning health sector priorities. Laustsen supported private and public hospitals and wished to emphasise preventative efforts in healthcare. Laustsen was subsequently promoted by Schluter to become the first woman to be made the Minister of Housing; she held the post from 3 June 1988 to 18 December 1990. She was able to raise funding for urban renewal even though residential areas had experienced heavy savings and also put much effort into preserving historical buildings and raising construction exports. Laustsen received much criticism, particularly from , the spokesperson of the Progress Party, who accused her of over-borrowing. Following her resignation from government after the 1990 Danish general election, she was the DKF's foreign affairs spokesperson between 1990 and 1998 and became part of its cultural policy rapporteur in 1995. After losing her seat in the Folketing in the 1998 Danish general election, Laustsen was a member of the board of the nursing home Rosenborgcentret from 1998 to 2014, and authored multiple articles in Danish as well as in foreign magazines and newspapers. In 1989, she was appointed Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog. Personal life. From 20 January 1996 to his death in 2004, Laustsen was married to the director Svend Ole Tjellesen. She died on 23 October 2018. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006954 Golden Hill Platform railway station Golden Hill Platform railway station served the suburb of Golden Hill, Pembrokeshire, Wales, from 1909 to 1940 on the Pembroke and Tenby Railway. History. The station was opened on 1 July 1909 by the Great Western Railway. It closed on 5 February 1940. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006978 Manuel Arburua de la Miyar Manuel Arburua de la Miyar (28 September 1902 - 17 December 1981) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Trade of Spain between 1951 and 1957, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69006979 The Golden Virgin The Golden Virgin, a/k/a 'The Leaning Virgin' is a gilded sculpture depicting the Virgin Mary offering up the Baby Jesus skyward. Standing atop of the Basilica of Our Lady of Brebieres, a Catholic Church in Albert, France, it was sculpted by Albert Roze. After being nearly toppled by shellfire in the Battle of the Somme, it became a symbol of resilience and a great visual icon during World War I. The statue was damaged and leaning in 1915 and went missing when it finally fell in 1918 as a result of the ultimate British bombardment. It was recast and replaced thereafter. Materials. The sculpture was covered with thousands of gold leaves. Pope Leo XIII christened the church and seeing the Golden Virgin he called the basilica "Lourdes of the North." The sculpture was fastened to the bell tower. When the statue was leaning after 2000 shells hit the town and Basilica in 1915. French engineers fastened a chain to keep her from falling to open area below. Other sources say it was either the British or the French who secured the statue with a thick cable. Background. In 1915 during The Battle of the Somme, World War I, the sculpture was shelled and leaning past 90 degrees. In 1914 the Germans suspected there was a French observation post in the bell tower, so beginning in October 1914 they shelled the dome. By January 7, 1915, the dome was destroyed and by January 21, 1915, the base of the statue was hit and the statue "tilted alarmingly". The sculpture was designed by French sculptor Albert Roze and in 1897 and it was placed atop the Basilique Notre-Dame de Brebieres. The sculpture depicts a golden colored Virgin Mary holding the infant Christ high above her head. Artillery shells destroyed much of the town of Albert, but the statue of Mary remained attached to the Basilica and badly tilted. Superstitious soldiers studied the sculpture daily - wrote about her in their diaries and remarked that she was knocked over. threatening to fall over at any time. The messages about the statue were passed between troops, and it was often said that "When the Virgin falls, the war will end.". Soldiers also said whomever knocked the statue down would lose the war. The statue became a symbol to British and German troops as soldiers remarked that the Virgin Mary was keeping the baby Christ from falling. By 1918 the German troops occupied the city of Albert, and the British shelled the Basilique to deprive the Germans of the high position, and the statue finally was toppled. The statue was never recovered. Coincidentally, WWI ended November 11, 1918. Residents discussed placing the sculpture in her famous war-time pose. They eventually decided to place her in her original standing pose. The sculpture of the Golden Virgin was recast 1929 and fitted atop the bell tower during the reconstruction of the Basilica. The photo of leaning virgin was a fascination for many, and soldiers took photos: it appeared on many postcards at the time. The actions of French engineers in shoring it up continue to be a source of amazement. Over one hundred years later, it remains a symbol and metaphor for the triumph of good over evil. The Golden Virgin and "flying baby" statue was recast and placed upon the reconstructed bassilica. In 1957, and thereafter in many subsequent editions, the events surrounding the church and its sculpture were the subject of a popular novel by Henry Williamson, titled "The Golden Virgin", being Volume 6 of the "A Chronicle of Ancient Sunlight" series. It was selected as a "Daily Mail" Book of the Month. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007036 Georgia Storm FC Georgia Storm FC is an American soccer club based in Carrollton, Georgia, United States. The team competes in the Southeast Conference of the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), the fourth tier of the United States soccer league system. The NPSL is officially affiliated to the United States Adult Soccer Association (USASA) and qualifies for the US Open Cup. History. Georgia Storm FC played their inaugural match on May 1, 2021 against Georgia Revolution, resulting in a 1-0 loss at home in Carrollton. Georgia Storm achieved its first goals and victory in the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL) on May 15 against LSA Athletico Lanier. The first goal was an own goal and the second was a header off a set piece late in the second half by Stephen Bivens assisted by Andrew Carleton. Including the win against LSA Lanier, the Storm went on a five game unbeaten streak. Their first road loss was at North Alabama SC on June 12. This match was followed by a win on June 19 against the same North Alabama side. On June 26, Georgia Storm scored 14 goals in a Fabian Pekruhl clean sheet against Metro Louisville, which included six goals by Stephen Bivens, four by Wilfried Kamdem Tchoupa, two by Avery Shepard, and once each by Jeisson Palencia and Cian Walder. Georgia Storm ended conference play against Appalachian FC in Boone, NC, falling at the end 3-2 in front of 1,100 in attendance. The team finished in second place in the conference and thus made the playoffs. The first playoff match was played in Carrollton against Appalachian FC, resulting in a 2-1 victory with goals from Andrew Carleton and Wilfried Kamden Tchoupa. In the conference championship against Georgia Revolution FC, a 2-1 loss ended the inaugural season. Due to the team's success, a spot in the qualifying rounds of the US Open Cup was obtained. The 2021 roster included three former MLS players, including Hunter Jumper, Kevin Barajas, and Andrew Carleton. Fabian Pekruhl, Stephen Bivens, and Wilfried Kamdem Tchoupa were named to the 2021 NPSL Southeast Conference Best XI. Georgia Storm FC played in their first ever US Open Cup match on October 16 against Georgia Revolution at Luella High School. The match was tied until the second half, when Revolution's Christian Duncan converted his first. Deep into stoppage time, Gerard Forges scored from close range, assisted by Stephen Bivens to send the match to added time. The Storm struck early in added time with Jacob Bivens netting a header before a last effort strike by Duncan sent the game to penalty kicks. Georgia Revolution converted all their kicks and won the match 2-2 (4-2). Players and staff. Current roster. "As of March 31, 2021" Records. Team records. NPSL Goals. as of October 16, 2021 Supporters. The supporter group of Georgia Storm FC is The Storm Chasers. The group is the core of the home fans, travels to away games, and promotes the team to the community. Development system. Georgia Storm fields a UPSL squad to develop reserves, which competes in the Southeast Conference Georgia Div. I. The Georgia Storm Soccer Academy provides recreation, academy, and select programs for almost 2,000 youth players, mostly in the Carroll County and Douglas County areas of western Georgia. Storm teams participate in the USYS National League, Club Champions League, Georgia Premier League, and are affiliated with Georgia Soccer. UPSL Records. Georgia Storm FC Georgia Storm FC U23 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007058 Thakuri dynasty Thakuri dynasty (; ) was a Hindu dynasty that mostly ruled the present-day Nuwakot, near central Nepal. It was established in 600 CE by Rajput's who fled to Nepal due to the Muslim invasions in Rajasthan. The Thakuri dynasty's existence is disputed by some historians. Thakuri kings. The Thakuri dynasty were Rajputs. After Aramudi, who is mentioned in the Kashmirian chronicle, the Rajatarangini of Kalhana (1150 CE), many Thakuri kings ruled over parts of the country up to the middle of the 12th century CE. Raghava Deva is said to have founded a ruling dynasty in 879 CE, when the Lichhavi rule came to an end. To commemorate this important event, Raghava Deva started the 'Nepal Era' which began on 20 October, 879 CE. After Amshuvarma, who ruled from 605 CE onward; the Thakuris had lost power and they could regain it only in 869 CE. Gunakama Deva. After the death of King Raghava Dev, many Thakuri kings ruled southern Nepal up to the middle of the 12th century CE. Gunakama Deva, who ruled from 949 to 994 CE, commissioned the construction of a big wooden shelter, built from the wood of a single tree, called "Kasthamandapa." The name of the capital, 'Kathmandu', is derived from this. Gunakama Deva founded the town Kantipur (modern-day Kathmandu). The tradition of Indra Jatra started during his reign. Temples to the north of the temple of Pashupatinath were renovated in this period. Successors of Gunakama Dev. Bhola Deva succeeded Gunakama Deva. The next ruler was Laxmikama Deva who ruled from 1024 to 1040 CE. He built the Laksmi Vihara and introduced the tradition of worshiping the Kumari; young prepubescent girls believed to be manifestations of the divine female energy or devi. He was succeeded by his son, Vijayakama Deva, who introduced the worship of the "Naga" and "Vasuki". Vijaykama Deva was the last ruler of this dynasty. After his death, the Thakuri clan of Nuwakot occupied the throne of Nepal. Nuwakot Thakuri Kings. Bhaskara Deva, a Thakuri from Nuwakot, succeeded Vijayakama Deva and established the Nuwakot-Thakuri rule. He is said to have built Navabahal and Hemavarna Vihara. After Bhaskara Deva, four kings of this line ruled over the country. They were Bala Deva, Padma Deva, Nagarjuna Deva and Shankara Deva. Shankara Deva (1067-1080 CE) was the most illustrious ruler of this dynasty. He established the image of 'Shantesvara Mahadeva' and 'Manohara Bhagavati'. The custom of pasting the pictures of Nagas and Vasuki on the doors of houses on the day of Nagapanchami was introduced by him. During his rule, the Buddhists wreaked vengeance on the Hindu Brahmins (especially the followers of Shaivism) for the harm they had received earlier from the Shankaracharya. Shankara Deva tried to pacify the Brahmins harassed by the Buddhists. Suryavansi (the Solar Dynasty). Bama Deva, a descendant of Amshuvarma, defeated Shankar Deva in 1080 CE. He suppressed the Nuwakot-Thankuris with the help of nobles and restored the old Solar Dynasty rule in Nepal for the second time. Harsha Deva, the successor of Bama Deva was a weak ruler. There was no unity among the nobles and they asserted themselves in their respective spheres of influence. Taking that opportunity Nanya Deva, a Karnat dynasty king, attacked Nuwakot from Simraungarh. The army successfully defended and won the battle. Shivadeva III. After Harsha Deva, Shivadeva the third ruled from 1099 to 1126 CE. He was a brave and powerful king. He founded the town of Kirtipur and roofed the temple of Pashupatinath with gold. He introduced twenty-five paisa coins. He also constructed wells, canals, and tanks at different places. After Sivadeva III, Mahendra Deva, Mana Deva, Narendra Deva II, Ananda Deva, Rudra Deva, Amrita Deva, Ratna Deva II, Somesvara Deva, Gunakama Deva II, Lakmikama Deva III and Vijayakama Deva II ruled Nepal in quick succession. Historians differ about the rule of several kings and their respective times. After the fall of the Thakuri dynasty, a new dynasty was founded by Arideva or Ari Malla, known as the 'Malla dynasty'. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007079 Rafael Cavestany Rafael Cavestany y de Anduaga (27 October 1902 - 17 July 1958) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Agriculture of Spain between 1951 and 1957, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007081 Juninho (footballer, born 2003) Luiz Fernando Silvestre Junior (born 29 March 2003), commonly known as Juninho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Athletico Paranaense. Club career. Born in Assis, Sao Paulo, Juninho joined Athletico Paranaense's youth setup in 2017, from Trieste FC. On 7 May 2021, he renewed his contract with the club until April 2026. Juninho made his first team debut on 1 September 2021, coming on as a late substitute for fellow youth graduate Khellven in a 1-1 Campeonato Paranaense home draw against FC Cascavel. He made his Serie A debut on 3 October, replacing Carlos Eduardo late into a 0-3 away loss against Flamengo. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007123 Adrian Democ Adrian Democ (born 10 January 1985 in Zvolen), is a Slovak composer. From 2003 -2008 Democ attended the Janacek Academy of Music and Performing Arts in Brno, Czechia, where he studied composition with Frantisek Emmert. During this period he also had internships in Bucharest and Vilnius. His doctoral dissertation (Brno, 2011) was on the topic of spectral music. His own compositions show the influence of American composers including Morton Feldman. He also often uses Slovak folk instruments, including the fujara. His works include a wide variety of chamber, choral and orchestral music, including a sextet "Still life and a chord" (2021), for early music instruments including lute and gittern. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007128 Fernando Suarez de Tangil Fernando Suarez de Tangil y Angulo, 2nd Marquess of Covarrubias de Leyva, 4th Count of Vallellano (3 August 1886 - 6 September 1964) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Public Works of Spain between 1951 and 1957, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007172 Valentino Babini Valentino Babini (Novi di Modena, 5 December 1889 - 29 December 1952) was an Italian general during World War II. He was one Italy's foremost pioneers in tank warfare and among the most important tank commanders of the Royal Italian Army during the interwar period and the early stages of World War II; in 1940 he coined the motto of Italy's tank troops, "Ferrea mole, ferreo cuore" ("Iron hulls, iron hearts"). Biography. He was born in Novi di Modena on December 5, 1882, and enlisted in the Royal Italian Army on November 3, 1907, entering the Royal Military Academy of Infantry and Cavalry of Modena. He graduate in 1909 with the rank of infantry second lieutenant, assigned to 70th Infantry Regiment. In 1911 he was transferred to the 84th Infantry Regiment "Venezia", and with this unit he took part in the initial phases of the Italo-Turkish War, distinguishing himself in October 1911 during the consolidation of the Tripoli bridgehead, and subsequently in Bu Meliana, Zanzur and Sciara Zauri. In 1912 he was promoted to lieutenant, and in March 1913 he was awarded the Bronze Medal of Military Valor. After returning to Italy he participated in a course for airship pilots, but with the entry of the Kingdom of Italy into World War I, on May 24, 1915, he returned to the infantry as company commander. On 8 August of the same year he was promoted to captain, and on 29 October he distinguished himself in the fighting on the Col di Lana (where he led an assault that resulted in the capture of an Austro-Hungarian position and was wounded in action), earning a Silver Medal of Military Valor. During 1917 he was promoted to major, and on 3 November of the same year, during the retreat that followed the battle of Caporetto, he distinguished himself in the defense of the bridge of Pinzano, on the Tagliamento, halting the Austro-Hungarian advance enough to prevent the encirclement of a retreating infantry brigade and earning a second silver medal for military valor. On 5 December 1921 he returned to Cyrenaica to take part in the pacification of the colony, returning to Italy in October 1925. On 12 December of the same year he was assigned to the Tank Unit ("Reparto Carri Armati") where he spent the next twelve years, continuing his military career with promotions to lieutenant colonel (1926) and colonel (31 December 1936); in 1937 he was appointed commander of the 3rd Tank Infantry Regiment. On 25 April 1937 he volunteered for the Spanish Civil War as commander of the Tank and Specialist Units Group, distinguishing himself during the battle of Aragon in March 1938. On 2 October 1938 he was awarded a third Silver Medal for Military Valor, then assuming command of the Flechas Negras Division, and on February 16, 1939 he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general for war merits. He returned to Italy in June of that year, and in September he left for Libya, where he was appointed deputy commander of the 61st Infantry Division Sirte. On 29 August 1940 he assumed command of all Italian armored forces in Libya ("Comando carri della Libia", Libya Tank Command), consisting of seven battalions of L3/35 light tanks and two battalions of M11/39 medium tanks. The units under his command supported the advance of the 10th Army of Marshal of Italy Rodolfo Graziani towards Sidi Barrani, and immediately after the end of the offensive they were grouped into a special armored brigade which took the name of its commander. In December 1940, General Wavell launched the British counter-offensive known as Operation Compass, routing the Tenth Army; the Babini brigade covered the retreat of the Army, facing British tank forces in the battle of Mechili, but after an unsuccessful attempt to break through British forces blocking the Via Balbia, was destroyed in the battle of Beda Fomm on February 7, 1941, where Babini was taken prisoner along with the remnants of his brigade and of the Tenth Army. He remained in British captivity until after the end of the war, returning to Italy in 1946; upon return he was promoted to the rank of Major General, with seniority from 1 July 1942, and then to Lieutenant General in 1947. In the same year he was among the founders of the National Tank Veterans Association, but on 7 July 1947 he was forcibly discharged from the Army for having participated in the Spanish Civil War in the ranks of the Fascist forces. He was however readmitted into service on October 14, 1949, on the decision of Minister of Defense Randolfo Pacciardi (who had fought on the other side during the Spanish Civil War), assuming command of the "Aosta" Infantry Division, and in 1950 the post of Inspector General of the Infantry. In March 1952 he became Vice President of the Army Section of the Superior Council of the Armed Forces, but on December 29 of the same year he was killed in a car crash. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007210 Nam Hye-seung Nam Hye-seung (Korean: namhyeseung) is a South Korean composer and music director. She is considered one of the best musicians in the country as she is fluent in all kinds of musical instruments. An award winning music director, she has stepped into the entertainment industry after graduating from one of South Korea's most prestigious universities, Yonsei University. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007217 Thomas Horace McGuire Thomas Horace McGuire (April 21, 1849 - July 13, 1923) was a Canadian judge. Thomas Horace McGuire was born on April 21, 1849, in Kingston, Ontario. He attended Queen's University from 1866 to 1870, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts. McGuire was called to the bar of Ontario in 1875 and became a queen's counsel in 1883. Before his appointment to the bench, he practised law in Kingston. He became a justice of the Supreme Court of the Northwest Territories on April 25, 1887, as a member of its first panel. He was named the first chief justice of the Northwest Territories on February 18, 1902 until his retirement one year later on January 3, 1903. McGuire died on July 13, 1923, in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007230 Rod McCary Rod McCary (born April 15, 1941) is an American commercial, film and television actor. Born in St. Cloud, Minnesota. McCary attended at Cathedral High School and University of Denver. He began his career in 1970, as appearing in the film "The Christine Jorgensen Story", where he played the role of "Jess Warner". Later in his career, McCary guest-starred in numerous television programs, including, "Three's Company", "It's a Living", "Highway to Heaven", "Columbo", "Fantasy Island", "Murder, She Wrote", "Mama's Family", "Dear John", "Parks and Recreation", "Family Ties", "Growing Pains", "The Mod Squad", "Alice" and "Hart to Hart". He also starred and co-starred in films, such as, "Herbie Rides Again", "Night of the Demons 2", "Stewardess School", "Down 'n Dirty", "Terror Among Us", "Cheaper to Keep Her" and "976-Evil II". In 1975, McCary left the soap opera television series "General Hospital", with four other actors. McCary had also starred in television programs, including, "Harper Valley P.T.A.", playing the role of "Bobby Taylor", "Just Our Luck", playing the role of "Nelson Marriott" and "Shell Game", playing the role of "Bill Bower". He also played tennis at the Plummer Park, from 1970. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007241 Cirilo Canovas Cirilo Canovas Garcia (9 July 1899 - 25 January 1973) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Agriculture of Spain between 1957 and 1965, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007243 Jesus Rubio Garcia-Mina Jesus Rubio Garcia-Mina (15 August 1908 - 13 July 1976) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of National Education of Spain between 1956 and 1962, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007269 Tsukanovo-Bobrik Tsukanovo-Bobrik () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Bobrik River (a left tributary of the Reut River in the Seym basin), 33 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 62 km south-west of Kursk, 20 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 9 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Tsukanovo-Bobrik has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Tsukanovo-Bobrik is located 5.5 km from the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), on the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik), 3.5 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "Derevenki" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 69 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 125 km from Belgorod International Airport and 269 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007429 Bertha Thompson Bertha Mildred Thompson (married name Walker, 25 October 1876 - 8 December 1953) was an English amateur golfer. She won the 1905 Womens Amateur Championship at Royal Cromer and reached the final the following year. She reached the quarter-finals in 1900, 1909 and 1911. She was a regular player for England in international matches between 1899 and 1911, only missing the 1910 Women's Home Internationals, when she withdrew. The official Home Internationals started in 1905 and although she played in the event six times, she was only in the winning team once, in her final appearance in 1911. Golf career. Thompson played in the 1897 Womens Amateur Championship at Gullane, representing the Beverley and East Riding club. After a bye in the first round she beat Miss Bloxsom 4#amp;3 and then Miss Lugton after a tie. She then lost 6#amp;5 at the last-16 stage, to Madeline Campbell. The 1898 championship was held at Great Yarmouth #amp; Caister. Thompson, representing the Scarborough club, beat Mrs. Hezlet, the mother of the famous sisters, 8#amp;6 in the first round. She then lost, by one hole, to Issette Pearson in the second round. Thompson traveled to Ireland to played in the 1899 championship at County Down but lost in the first round to Lottie Dod. A match between Ireland and England was played the day after the championship finished. Thompson played for the England team but lost by 10 holes to Rhona Adair. Despite this loss, England won six of the nine matches, winning by 37 holes to 18. The 1900 championship was held at Westward Ho!. Thompson reached the quarter-finals before losing 3#amp;2 to Molly Whigham. The 1901 championship was played at Aberdovey in Wales. An international match between England and Ireland was played before the Womens Amateur Championship. This time the result was decided by matches rather than holes, Ireland winning 5-2. As in 1899, Thompson played Rhona Adair, but this time she won her match. She beat Jessie Magill and Maud Titterton on the second day but lost again to Issette Pearson, at the last-16 stage, on the final hole. In 1902, at Royal Cinque Ports, a Scottish team competed for the first time in the international matches. On the first day, England beat Ireland, although Thompson lost 7#amp;5 to May Hezlet. The following day England beat Scotland, Thompson halving her match with Molly Graham. In the second round of the championship, Thompson again met May Hezlet, losing again, but this time the match was much closer, Hezlet winning by two holes. In 1903 at Royal Portrush there were too few Scottish players to make a team and the only international was one between Ireland and England, Ireland winning 9-1 with Thompson losing to Maud Stuart. Thompson met Florence Hezlet in the third round. She was dormie-three up but eventually lost the match at the 20th hole. In the 1904 internationals, England beat Scotland 5-4, Ireland beat England 6-3 and Scotland beat Ireland 7-2, one match being halved in each contest. The first two matches were played at Royal Troon, the third at Prestwick. Thompson won her two matches, beating Madge Maitland and Maud Stewart. Thompson struggled in the early rounds of the championship, winning her opening two matches at the 21st and 20th holes. She then beat Issette Pearson before losing to Lottie Dod at the last-16 stage. The 1905 Womens Amateur Championship was held at Royal Cromer. It saw the inaugural Women's Home Internationals, teams competing for the Miller challenge trophy. Thompson lost her match against Scotland but won against Ireland. In the championship, Thompson reached the fourth round where she beat Lottie Dod 4#amp;2. On the third day Thompson won both her matches at extra holes. She met Margaret Curtis at the last-16 stage, winning at the 19th hole and then beat Evelyn Steel at the 20th hole. She met Winifred Brown in the semi-finals, winning 2#amp;1. The final was against Maud Stuart. Thompson was three up after five holes, but Stuart won the next three holes. Thompson then took a two hole lead and won the match 3#amp;2 after winning the 16th hole. The 1906 Womens Amateur Championship was played at Burnham #amp; Berrow. Thompson lost both her matches in the Home Internationals, to Dorothy Campbell and May Hezlet, England again finishing runners-up to Scotland. In the championship she won her early matches by large margins to reach the last-16 stage. On the third day she beat two international players, Evelyn Morant, 4#amp;3, and Violet Tynte, 5#amp;4. In the semi-finals she beat Amy Sumpter, winning 3#amp;2 after being five up at the turn. In the final she met Alice Kennion. The match was level after 10 holes but Thompson hurt her thumb and lost the match 4#amp;3. The 1907 championship was played at County Down. Wales played in the Home Internationals for the first time. Ireland won all their matches to win the title with England runners-up. Thompson lost to Florence Walker-Leigh but won her other two matches. She reached the last-16 but lost again to Walker-Leigh. In 1908 the championship was played on the Old Course at St Andrews. In the internationals Thompson lost two of her three matches, to Florence Hezlet and Dorothy Campbell. She again reached the last-16 in the championship, losing to Maud Titterton by one hole. The 1909 championship was held at Birkdale. In the internationals she lost again to Dorothy Campbell and then to Miss Duncan of Wales. In the championship she beat Hilda Mather in the last-16, at the final hole, but lost 3#amp;2 to Florence Hezlet in the quarter-finals. Thompson was selected for the home internationals in 1910, but withdrew, and then lost at an early stage in the championship. In 1911 Wales were unable to raise a team for the internationals at Royal Portrush. England won both their matches to win the title for the first time since it was officially started in 1905. Thompson beat Mabel Harrison but lost to Elsie Grant Suttie, in her final appearance in the internationals. She reached the quarter-finals of the championship, losing to Violet Hezlet. In her last-16 match against Canadian Violet Pooley, she was six down after 10 holes but then won seven holes in a row and halved the last, to win the match. Thompson withdrew from the 1912 championship. In 1913 she lost in the first round, while in 1914 she reached the third round before losing 7#amp;5 to Florence Bourn. Personal life. Thompson was born in October 1876 in Terrington, Yorkshire, the daughter of George Arthur Thompson and his wife Dora Cayley. George Thompson died in November 1908, Dora in April 1931. He was in the 12th Royal Lancers but in 1882 was elected Registrar of Wills and Deeds for the East Riding of Yorkshire, a position he held until two or three years before his death, when the position was taken over by the county council . Thompson married John Harry Walker on 30 June 1914. John Walker died in March 1952, while Bertha died in December 1953. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007444 1958 Holy Cross Crusaders baseball team The 1958 Holy Cross Crusaders baseball team represented the College of the Holy Cross in the 1958 NCAA University Division baseball season. The Crusaders played their home games at Fitton Field. The team was coached by Jack Barry in his 38th year as head coach at Holy Cross. The Crusaders won the District I playoff to advance to the College World Series, where they were defeated by the Southern California Trojans. Schedule. ! style="" | Regular Season ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="3%" | # ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="7%" | Date ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="14%" | Opponent ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="25%" | Site/Stadium ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Score ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Overall Record ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="3%" | # ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="7%" | Date ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="14%" | Opponent ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="25%" | Site/Stadium ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Score ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Overall Record ! style="" | Postseason ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="3%" | # ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="7%" | Date ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="14%" | Opponent ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="25%" | Site/Stadium ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Score ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Overall Record ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="3%" | # ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="7%" | Date ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="14%" | Opponent ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="25%" | Site/Stadium ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Score ! bgcolor="#DDDDFF" width="5%" | Overall Record 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007468 Adolfo Diaz-Ambrona Moreno Adolfo Diaz-Ambrona Moreno (26 July 1908 - 17 December 1971) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Agriculture of Spain between 1965 and 1969, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007479 Adewale Oladoye Adewale Oladoye (born 25 August 2001) is a Nigerian football player. He plays for Belgian club Gent. Club career. He made his Belgian First Division A debut for Gent on 19 May 2021 in a game against Standard Liege. He scored his first goal for Gent on 5 August 2021 in a Conference League qualifier against RFS. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007507 Glen de Vries Glen de Vries (June 29, 1972 - November 11, 2021) was an American entrepreneur in the field of medical science and pharmacology. He was the co-founder and former co-CEO of Medidata Solutions, as well as a commercial astronaut. Early life and education. De Vries grew up in New York and showed a passion for computers and science at a young age. He attended the Ethical Culture School in Manhattan and the Bronx, NY. His mother encouraged him to learn ballroom dancing in high school, and he danced competitively with her. De Vries attended Carnegie Mellon University and graduated in 1994. He taught himself to speak Japanese. De Vries received his undergraduate degree in molecular biology and genetics from Carnegie Mellon University, worked as a research scientist at the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center, and studied computer science at New York University's Courant Institute of Mathematics. De Vries is the author, with Jeremy Blachman, of the 2020 book "The Patient Equation: The Precision Medicine Revolution in the Age of COVID-19 and Beyond", about the use of data in the future of medicine. Blue Origin flight. On October 13, 2021, de Vries accompanied actor William Shatner and two astronauts on a New Shepard launch vehicle as part of the Blue Origin NS-18 suborbital mission into outer space, and traveled to space. Death. De Vries was killed in a small plane crash involving a Cessna 172 in a heavily wooded area outside Hampton Township, New Jersey, on November 11, 2021, at the age of 49. He was a certified private pilot with an instrument rating. The plane's other occupant, Thomas Fischer, also died in the crash. As a tribute, his initials were added to the mission patch of Blue Origin's crewed flight Blue Origin NS-19, which took place on December 11, 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007508 Kongsberg attack On 13 October 2021, a man attacked eight people with various weapons - including a bow and arrow - at locations in Kongsberg, Viken, Norway, a town about southwest of the capital city Oslo. Five people were killed, and three others were injured. The suspect, identified as Espen Andersen Brathen, a 37-year-old Danish citizen born in Norway, was taken into custody on the same day and charged with murder. Attack. Police were first notified of a person walking around Kongsberg with a bow and arrows in a quiver on his shoulder at 18:12 CEST. Upon receiving the first calls, a patrol was quickly sent to the location of the attack, followed by three others. Armed officers first confronted the perpetrator six minutes after the first calls, but he shot several arrows at them and escaped. Afterwards, he committed the attack and killed his victims, according to the police chief. The perpetrator is said to have first started attacking people inside a Coop Extra supermarket in Kongsberg and then moved over a large area. Police said that he first started firing arrows at people but constantly missed, that he used two other weapons in addition to the bow and arrow, and that all of the fatalities were a result of stabbings rather than arrow shots, as he discarded or lost his bow at some point during the attack. Pictures have been published of arrows lodged in walls at the scene. The perpetrator left the store and continued his attacks in the street and at a residential area. As the attack continued, police cordoned off several parts of Kongsberg. An arrest was eventually made at 18:47, 35 minutes after the attack began; explaining the delay of the arrest, a police official described the situation as "confusing". A warning shot was fired at the time of the arrest, according to the police chief. By the time of the arrest, the attack had spurred a large emergency response including 22 heavily-armed police patrols, more than ten ambulances, and two helicopters. The attack was the deadliest in Norway since those committed by Anders Behring Breivik a decade earlier. Victims. Five people were killed in the attack, and three others were injured. The five killed were four women and one man; two of them were 75 years old, another two were aged 78 and 56, and the fifth was 52-year-old German musician and writer Andrea Haugen. They were killed in either their own homes or in public spaces. The three survivors did not sustain life-threatening injuries; one of them was an off-duty police officer. The investigation indicated that the victims were all attacked in different locations. Investigation. The suspect was taken to a police station in Drammen, where his defence lawyer said he was questioned for more than three hours, was co-operating with authorities, and has confessed to the attack. Police then moved the suspect to the custody of health services on 14 October pending a psychiatric evaluation. He was charged for the murders of five people and for injuring several others, but this may change according to the progress of the investigation. The Norwegian Police Security Service launched a terrorism investigation, but officers are focusing on a broad range of motives. In light of the suspect's Danish citizenship, Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen said Danish authorities would work with Norway on the investigation. In a press conference on 16 October, police said they were also investigating the mental state of the suspect. A total of 140 witnesses were questioned in relation to the attack. Suspect. The suspect is 37-year-old Danish citizen Espen Andersen Brathen, who authorities believe acted alone. He was born in Norway to a Norwegian father and a Danish mother and had lived his entire life in Norway. Brathen was living in Kongsberg at the time of the attack. He had several prior criminal convictions for break-ins, cannabis possession, and death threats against family members. Brathen was known to the police, who said he had converted to Islam around 2016. The imam of Kongsberg's mosque reported that Brathen told him he had a "revelation" without adding anything more. The imam said he did not appear dangerous. Police were first made aware of him in 2015 and had last been in contact with Brathen in 2020; they had been concerned about his possible extremist views. In 2017, a childhood friend reported Brathen to police after he posted two videos online, in which he said he was a Muslim and he had a warning. The friend believed that he was posing a threat. After investigating the videos and interrogating Brathen about them, police determined the statements made in them did not involve any criminal threats. In 2018, police notified health services about him, but they determined that he was unlikely to commit a terrorist attack. Brathen did not appear on their radar in 2021. Aftermath. Norwegian police officers, who are usually unarmed, were ordered to temporarily carry firearms nationwide after the attack. However, there was no change to the national threat level in the country. Questions were raised by residents and Norwegian media about the inability of police to stop the attack during their first confrontation with the perpetrator; officers in Norway are trained to immediately respond to an ongoing incident without waiting for other units. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007529 George Ellis Baker George Ellis Baker (March 16, 1816 - October 2, 1887) was an American merchant, town clerk and state legislator. Early life. Baker was born on March 16, 1816 in Dedham, Massachusetts. He was the eldest son of six children born to John Baker (1780-1843) and Patty ( Ellis) Baker (1791-1876). His father served as the sheriff of Norfolk County from 1834 until his death in 1843. His brother was Fisher Ames Baker, a prominent and successful attorney who had served in the Civil War. Baker was descended from Richard Baker, who landed in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1635 and settled in Dorchester. After five generations in Dorchester, the Bakers moved to Dedham, Massachusetts. Career. Baker moved to Troy, New York where he opened a shoe store. The business was not a success, so he relocated again to Williamsburg, Brooklyn in the early 1840s before opening another shoe store on Maiden Lane in Manhattan. While this store failed to catch on, Baker successfully became involved in politics. He was clerk of the board of trustees of the village of Williamsburg and a census taker. In 1850, he was elected on the Whig ticket to the New York State Assembly which met in Albany from January 7 to July 11, 1851, during the first year of Washington Hunt's governorship. While in Albany, he attached himself to former governor and then U.S. Senator William Henry Seward, serving as his private secretary in the 1860's. After President Abraham Lincoln appointed Seward U.S. Secretary of State, Seward had Baker appointed disbursing clerk and administrator of the Secret Service Fund. Personal life. Baker was married to Eveline Stevens (1817-1903). She was a daughter of James Stevens and granddaughter of Capt. William C. Stevens of the Continental Army. Together, they were the parents of: Baker died in Washington, D.C. on October 2, 1887. He was buried at Oak Hill Cemetery there. His widow died in 1903 and was also buried in Washington, D.C. Descendants. Through his son George, he was a grandfather of Evelyn Baker (who married Howard Bligh St. George); Florence Bellows Baker (who married William Goadby Loew); and George Fisher Baker Jr. (who married Edith Brevoort Kane; their daughter Elizabeth married John M. Schiff and their son, George F. Baker III married Frances Drexel Munn, a daughter of Mary Astor Paul and member of the Drexel banking family). Through his daughter Martha, he was a grandfather of Chaloner Baker Schley; Grant Barney Schley Jr.; Evander "Van" Baker Schley (who married Sophie Beverly Duer, a granddaughter of U.S. Representative William Duer, in 1931); Evelyn Baker (wife of Max Howell Behr, brother to Karl Behr) and aviator Kenneth Baker Schley. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007531 Lottery (2018 film) Lottery (Persian: ltry) is a 2018 Iranian romance thriller drama film directed by Mohammad Hossein Mahdavian and written by Ebrahim Amini and Mohammad Hossein Mahdavian. The film screened for the first time at the 36th Fajr Film Festival. Plot. Amir Ali and Nooshin are two youngsters who are in love and want to get marry with each other while their families are in disagree with them. They both have only one dream, to win in the Lottery and get the green card and go living in USA. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007612 Coextinction (film) Coextinction is a Canadian documentary film, directed by Gloria Pancrazi and Elena Jean and released in 2021. The film centres on the environmental threat to orcas in the Pacific Ocean, caused in part by the simultaneous decline of Pacific salmon stocks that the orcas depend on for food. The film premiered on October 3, 2021 at the 2021 Vancouver International Film Festival, where it was named the winner of the Rob Stewart Eco Warrior Award. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007622 Chinonso Emeka Chinonso Emeka (born 30 August 2001) is a Nigerian football player. He plays for Belgian club Gent. Club career. He made his Belgian First Division A debut for Gent on 22 May 2021 in a game against Mechelen. International career. He was included in the Nigeria's squad for the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup, but did not appear in any games. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007632 Tomas Allende y Garcia-Baxter Tomas Allende y Garcia-Baxter (4 February 1920 - 10 February 1987) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Agriculture of Spain between 1969 and 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007646 Riddhi Bahadur Malla Subba Riddhi Bahadur Malla (; 1898-1968) was a Nepali-language writer. Malla was born on 8 December 1898 in Benaras, British India. His sons, Govinda Bahadur Malla and Bijaya Malla are also renowned writers. He founded the "Sarada", a Nepali-language magazine during the Rana-era. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007661 Mariano Navarro Rubio Mariano Navarro Rubio (14 November 1913 - 3 November 2001) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Finance of Spain between 1957 and 1965, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007678 Juan Jose Espinosa San Martin Juan Jose Espinosa San Martin (30 June 1918 - 14 January 1982) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Finance of Spain between 1965 and 1969, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007753 Bournemouth typhoid outbreak of 1936 The Bournemouth typhoid outbreak was an outbreak of typhoid in 1936 in the south coast of England, a traditional holiday location. It occurred during the months of August and September. The first cases were traced to raw milk from a dairy supplied by a farm whose cows drank water from a river contaminated by sewage from a cottage where a typhoid carrier lived. 718 people became infected, including 200 visitors and 518 residents. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007796 Rutherford County, Tennessee juvenile jail controversy The juvenile justice system and jail of Rutherford County, Tennessee became a subject of state-wide, national and international controversy in the 2020s, when a journalistic investigation revealed a pattern of abnormal and illegal incarceration of hundreds, perhaps thousands, of children in the county's juvenile jail at a rate ten times the state's average. Establishment and promotion. In 2000, Rutherford County created the post of Juvenile Court Judge. The post was filled by then-Democrat (later Republican) elected Judge Donna Scott Davenport (who, as of early October 2021, still held the post). Davenport controlled the county's juvenile justice procedures. In 2003, Judge Davenport issued a memo which was interpreted to order that, after a summons is issued, law enforcement officers must always physically arrest the child, and take them to the county's detention center--despite Tennessee state law which requires that, for many juvenile misdemeanor offenses, police officers must release children with a citation or a summons, and not take them into custody. By April, 2008, county authorities were reporting 2,000 children booked into the jail annually--200 to 300 of them from neighboring counties lacking facilities. In 2008, the county built a $23,300,000 expansion of the county jail--including a "juvenile detention center." County officials repeatedly compared the jail to a business--one commissioner saying he wished that the jail could be a "profit center." Correctional superintendent Alan Miller described the adult jail as a "workhouse like environment [that would] allow [the county] to benefit from workhouse labor." Subsequently, the county government began soliciting other counties in Tennessee and surrounding states to send their "detained youth" to the Rutherford County juvenile jail for incarceration, at $175 per day per child. In a promotional video, the county indicated that over 20 Tennessee counties had contracted with Rutherford's juvenile jail. Operations and procedures. During the following years, Judge Davenport and local authorities colluded in the arrest and incarceration of hundreds of children, some as young as seven years old, on various misdemeanor charges, including schoolyard fights, truancy and cursing. At Judge Davenport's instruction, all arrested children were to be jailed immediately in the detention center, pending adjudication and assessment. Research by Nashville Public Radio and ProPublica found the Rutherford County juvenile incarcerations to be far out of the norm for juvenile arrests, nationally, and further discovered that the county authorities had charged some of the children under non-existent laws. The researchers found that, among Tennessee children referred to juvenile court, the statewide rate of incarceration was 5%, but in Rutherford County it was 48%. Once delivered to the jail by law enforcement officers, the children were evaluated through a filter system, to determine the level of risk they posed, and thus the level of restraint and duration of confinement for the child to be subjected to. Decisions were reportedly made with undefined and arbitrary criteria, rather than the precise categories specified in Tennessee law. In particular, racial minority children were disproportionately among those jailed, the researchers found. Cases resulting in class action lawsuits. In 2016, 11 African-American elementary school children in Rutherford County, ranging in age from 8 to 12, were detained or jailed, or both, after allegedly witnessing a fight between a 5-year-old and a 6-year-old. Some of the children were alleged to have been guilty by being present at the fight, and were alleged by authorities to be guilty of "criminal responsibility for conduct of another" -- a non-existent law. To settle a lawsuit in 2017, Rutherford County agreed to $397,500 in payments to the 11 children, and the officer who signed the charges was briefly suspended, while other officers involved received 1-day suspensions or reprimands. Also in 2016, a 15-year-old was placed in solitary confinement for 5 days with only a mattress and toilet. The family filed a complaint against the Rutherford County Juvenile Detention Center, with support from the ACLU. Judge Davenport responded by issuing a order suspending the use of solitary confinement, in the juvenile jail, temporarily. Another child was jailed four days while denied his psychiatric medication, and Judge Davenport ordered a developmentally disabled child into indefinite solitary confinement. Class action federal lawsuits resulted, and though not admitting fault, the county accepted a ban on any further solitary confinement of children in its custody. In May 2017, a federal court ordered Rutherford County to stop using their "filter" system, noting that it "departs drastically" from ordinary juvenile detention standards. The court wrote that the "illegal detention" is causing "irreparable harm every day" to children in the jurisdiction. Outcomes. In June, 2021, Rutherford County settled with plaintiffs in a class action, by agreeing to payments up to $11 million, with individual payouts estimated at around $1,000 per wrongful arrest, and about $5,000 per unlawful detention--though, again, the county, "denies any wrongdoing in any of the lawsuits filed against it." However--though an estimated 1,450 potential claimants were believed to be eligible--within a month of the October 29, 2021 deadline for filing a claim, only a fraction had been contacted, and only 200 had filed claims. Despite various complaints being filed, to various entities, the child-arrest-and-incarceration practices of Rutherford County have continued (as of early October 2021). However, following the October 8, 2021 publication of the ProPublica / Nashville Public Radio investigation, various state legislators have called for investigations and reform, and the "concerned" Tennessee governor's office called for "appropriate judicial authorities [to] issue a full review." Role of Judge Donna Scott Davenport. Judge Donna Scott Davenport runs the juvenile justice system, appointing magistrates, setting rules and presiding over cases that include everything from children accused of breaking the law to parents accused of neglecting their children. She's held her position as Juvenile Court Judge since its creation in 2000. Davenport first took the bar exam about a year after finishing law school but only passed on the fifth time. She was admitted to practice law in 1995, nine years after getting her law degree. Davenport created a "process" different from federal or local norms that asks law enforcement to arrest, transport to the detention center for screening and then file charging papers. The process ordered by her was amended later after she declared that even kids accused of minor violations like truancy must be taken into custody and transported to jail. October 12, after a "PBS News Hour" broadcast singled out Judge Davenport as the principal responsible party, Middle Tennessee State University announced that Davenport was no longer on the university's faculty. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007805 Alberto Monreal Luque Alberto Monreal Luque (18 November 1926 - 4 August 2014) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Finance of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007916 Milyutino, Kursk Oblast Milyutino () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Bobrik River (a left tributary of the Reut River in the Seym basin), 35 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 61 km south-west of Kursk, 20 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 10 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Milyutino has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Milyutino is located 7 km from the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), on the roads of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik) and (38N-443 - Stremoukhovo-Bobrik - border with Kurchatovsky District), 4 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "Derevenki" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 68 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 125 km from Belgorod International Airport and 267 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007918 Ex for a Reason "Ex for a Reason" is a song by American singer Summer Walker with American singer and rapper JT of hip hop duo City Girls, released on October 15, 2021, as the lead single from Walker's second studio album, "Still Over It" (2021). Background and composition. "Ex for a Reason" is an uptempo pop-rap song that conveys "emotions behind dating someone that's moved on from a past relationship". Walker first announced the song via a teaser trailer on October 4, 2021. Walker revealed its artwork, along with the release date as October 15. Music video. A lyric video was released to accompany the release of "Ex for a Reason" on October 15, 2021. The official music video, directed by Lacy Duke, was released on October 19, 2021. The video begins with Summer and her friends sitting at a local gas station and then riding through Atlanta, Georgia in a Oldsmobile 442 convertible with "Forever Atlanta" on the license plate, before later arriving to a house party. JT is seen rapping her verse while standing in front of a mirror. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69007986 Pedro Gual Villalbi Pedro Gual Villalbi (20 November 1885 - 12 January 1968) was a Spanish politician who served as a minister without portfolio between 1957 and 1965, as well as briefly as acting Minister of Housing between March and April 1960, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008012 Sonia Garcia Majarin Sonia Garcia Majarin (born 6 December 2002) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a defender for Alaves on loan from Atletico Madrid. Club career. Garcia Majarin started her career at Atletico Madrid's youth academy. She is often known simply by her maternal surname, Majarin. On 10 March 2021, she made her first team debut in a Champions League game against Chelsea, coming on as a substitute for Kylie Strom. On 17 July, she renewed her contract with Atletico Madrid until 2024 before the club announced that she was going on loan to Alaves, who themselves were recently promoted to the Primera Division. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008124 Jose Maria Martinez Sanchez-Arjona Jose Maria Martinez Sanchez-Arjona (7 February 1905 - 19 December 1977) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Housing between 1960 and 1969, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008165 Badminton Federation of Armenia The Badminton Federation of Armenia (), is the regulating body of badminton in Armenia, governed by the Armenian Olympic Committee. The headquarters of the federation is located in Yerevan. History. The Federation was established in 1992 and is currently led by president Ashot Aghababyan. The Federation oversees the training of badminton specialists and organizes badminton tournaments throughout the country. The Armenia national badminton team participates in various European, international, and Olympic level badminton competitions, including the European Badminton Championships and the BWF World Championships. The Federation is a full member of Badminton Europe and the Badminton World Federation. The Federation often attends the World Badminton Federation's annual congress. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008171 Jean-Baptiste Biaggi Jean-Baptiste Biaggi (27 August 1917 - 29 July 2009) was a French politician. Biaggi was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, on 27 August 1917. He attended Lycee de Bastia, and before graduating from Faculty of Law of Paris. During World War II, Biaggi was a member of the French Resistance. His actions during the conflict were honored with the Escapees' Medal and Resistance Medal. He was also a knight of the Legion of Honour. Following the war, Biaggi served on the National Assembly from 1958 to 1962. He was elected from Paris's 14th constituency in Seine department and affiliated with the Union for the New Republic. Between 1959 and 1961, Biaggi sat on the Senate, as a representative of the National Assembly. After stepping down from the French Parliament, Biaggi was mayor of Cagnano from 1965 to 1983. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008196 Fermin Sanz-Orrio Fermin Sanz-Orrio y Sanz (14 July 1901 - 29 November 1998) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Labour of Spain between 1957 and 1962, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008280 Hungarian withdrawal from the European Union It has been proposed that Hungary withdraw from the European Union (EU), which is sometimes referred to as Huxit, Huexit, Hunxit and Hunexit (all being portmanteaus of "Hungary" and "exit"). In Hungary, member of the EU since 2004, right-wing populist politicians have tried to create a comparison between the EU and the former Soviet Union (USSR), seen as a past oppressor in the country. Furthermore, democratic backsliding is a phenomenon present in Hungary. For all of this, it has been suggested that Hungary should leave the EU. In 2021, the Parliament of Hungary promulgated the so-called Hungarian anti-LGBT law, which aims to ban all content for children that may be considered as "promoting homosexuality" and which makes a relationship between the LGBT community and pedophilia. This received a heavy negative response from other countries of the EU, with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte even suggesting Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban to leave the EU. Hungary is legally allowed to leave the EU according to Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Therefore, the country could leave the union after the organization of a referendum, for which it would be necessary to change the Constitution of Hungary with the support of two-thirds of the Hungarian parliament. Such a thing was proposed by the Hungarian politician Dora Duro, member of the party Our Homeland Movement. However, withdrawal from the EU is not popular among the Hungarian public. A 2016 poll revealed that 68% of Hungarians wanted to stay in the EU and that only 17% preferred to leave. In 2020, support for the EU was even higher, with 85% of polled Hungarians supporting the membership of the country in the union. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008283 State of Hawaii Organization of Police Officers The State of Hawaii Organization of Police Officers (SHOPO) is a police union and political action committee located in Honolulu which represents police across the state of Hawaii. Consisting of a separate chapter for each of the four counties in the state along with a statewide board of directors, SHOPO has engaged in lobbying and legal efforts to keep police misconduct files private, and roughly 10 percent of its spending is focused on advertising to promote police officers and the union itself. Establishment and structure. SHOPO was founded in 1971 after a law passed by the Hawaii State Legislature in 1970 gave police officers in the state the right to be in a union. There is a separate chapter of SHOPO for each of the four counties represented, including Honolulu, Kauai, Maui, and Hawaii. Each chapter has a chairperson who also sits on the board of directors for SHOPO as a whole. Other members of the board include three at-large directors as well as a secretary, a treasurer, and a vice president and president. As of July 2020, the treasurer was James "Kimo" Smith; as of July 2021, the president was Malcolm Lutu, a sergeant in the Honolulu Police Department. Activity. SHOPO's opposition to police reform has been a major factor in preventing its implementation in Hawaii. Efforts to keep police misconduct files private. In 1995, SHOPO successfully lobbied the Hawaii State Legislature to make county police departments exempt from the Uniform Information Practices Act, which requires that the disciplinary files for any other public employees who are suspended or fired be made public. A bill intended to remove the exemption subsequently failed twice to pass through a committee that was chaired by a Hawaii state senator who had been endorsed by SHOPO. In June 2020, House Bill 285, which removed the exemption for county police departments, resurfaced in the Hawaii State Legislature as a result of calls for police accountability by the Black Lives Matter movement in June 2020. The bill had previously been slowed by a joint committee since April 2019. SHOPO opposed the bill, buying a full-page advertisement in the Sunday issue of the "Honolulu Star-Advertiser" to advocate against it, and additionally sharing a three-page letter written by SHOPO treasurer James "Kimo" Smith arguing against the legislation. Roughly a hundred SHOPO members gathered in the rotunda of the Hawaii State Capitol to demonstrate their opposition to the bill, and dozens of supporters of SHOPO protested outside the building during the final vote on the bill in the Hawaii House of Representatives, where it was passed. It was signed into law by Governor David Ige on September 15, 2020. After the passage of House Bill 285, which implemented a law called Act 47 to remove the exemption, "Honolulu Civil Beat" filed several public records requests for information about arbitration decisions related to police misconduct. In November 2020, SHOPO responded with an attempt to overturn Act 47, arguing that it unconstitutionally violated the privacy rights of officers as well as SHOPO's own collective bargaining agreement, which includes secrecy provisions intended to keep officer misconduct from becoming public knowledge. They filed lawsuits against the counties of Honolulu, Kauai, Maui, and Hawaii. , no filings had occurred in the latter three suits, while a judge in Honolulu County had denied an injunction that would have allowed the Honolulu Police Department to omit officer names from their reports. Media campaigns. Based on federal tax records, roughly 10 percent of SHOPO's spending is on advertising. Between 2014 and 2018, SHOPO spent more than $1,000,000 on promotion of police officers and the union. In March 2021, SHOPO began a media campaign involving television commercials intended to promote police officers in Hawaii and rebut criticisms of the police. Endorsements. In 2019, SHOPO endorsed Steve Alm's campaign to be Prosecuting Attorney of Honolulu; Alm was elected to the position and sworn in in January 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008292 Bella Vita (David et Jonathan song) "Bella Vita" is a 1986 pop-ballad song recorded by French vocal duet David et Jonathan. Written by Olivier Lanquetin and duet member with a music composed by Marouani, it was their debut single from their 1988 album, "Coeur de gosse", on which it appears as the fifth track, and was released in the first months of 1987. It achieved success in France, peaking at number two. Lyrics and music video. "Bella Vita" was written by Lanquetin and Marouani, the latter being only 15 years old at the time. The verses are alternately sung in Italian and English, while the refrain is only in Italian. The music video accompagning the song was shot in Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France. Critical reception. A review in Pan-European magazine "Music #amp; Media" presented "Bella Vita" as "the duo's slow, saccharine pop ballad" and noted his huge success in France. Chart performance. In France, "Bella Vita" debuted at number 41 on the chart edition of 30 May 1987, entered the top ten in its fourth week where it remained for 15 weeks; it reached number two for non consecutive two weeks, being unable to dislodge first Madonna's "La Isla Bonita", then Vanessa Paradis's "Joe le taxi" which topped the chart then; it fell off the top 50 after 24 weeks of presence. It earned a Gold disc, awarded by the Syndicat National de l'Edition Phonographique. On the European Hot 100 Singles, it debuted at number 59 on 13 June 1987, reached a peak of number 20 for consecutive two weeks, and desappeared from the chart after 22 weeks of presence. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008296 Csicsi Rozsa Csicsi Rozsa (born 14 January 1997) is a Hungarian professional golfer. In 2014, she became the first Hungarian to earn membership of the Ladies European Tour (LET), and was named Hungarian Golfer of the Year. Early life and amateur career. Rozsa was born in Budapest and was first introduced to golf at the age of eight by her uncle Peter Lajtai, a TV commentator, who took her to a golf show in Hungary called "Golfstar Gala". She started to play at 11 when the nine hole Highland Golf Club opened just 10 minutes from her home. After only a year of practice, she set her sights on becoming a pro. A member of the Hungarian National Team, she represented Hungary at the European Young Masters, finishing 7th in 2012 and 4th in 2013. In 2013, she was a member of the winning Junior Vagliano Trophy team representing the Continent of Europe. In 2013, she was also Hungarian Junior champion and Hungarian Amateur Open champion, and defended both titles in 2014. While visiting her coach Tim Burnett in Jacksonville, Florida, she won the FCWT at Champions Gate. In 2014, she represented Hungary in the European Girls' Team Championship. In 2014, Rozsa had a handicap of +2.7 and joined the LET Access Series as its first representative from Hungary. In line with the LET, there is an age requirement of 18 years to join LETAS, however a special exemption was made for 17-year-old Rozsa on account of her outstanding amateur record. Professional career. In late 2014, Rozsa illustrated her talent by securing a card at the final stage of LET Qualifying School. She finished tied for 17th place, earning playing rights on the 2015 Ladies European Tour, as the first LET member from Hungary. For this achievement, she was named Hungarian Golfer of the Year. She made little impact on the LET but was runner-up in two LETAS events in 2016, at the Boras Ladies Open one stroke behind Josephine Janson, and at the Azores Ladies Open five strokes behind Jenny Haglund. Rozsa joined the Symetra Tour and was a rookie in 2017. She made the cut in 15 of the 22 events and recorded two top-10 finishes, including a season-best T4 finish at the PHC Classic. In 2020, she was again made Hungarian Golfer of the Year. Amateur wins. Source: Team appearances. Amateur 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008305 Manuel Lora-Tamayo Manuel Lora-Tamayo Martin (21 January 1904 - 22 July 2002) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of National Education of Spain (later renamed as Education and Science) between 1962 and 1968, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008330 Jesus Romeo Gorria Jesus Romeo Gorria (19 September 1916 - 2 April 2002) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Labour of Spain between 1962 and 1969, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008337 List of museums from the 18th century While some of the oldest public museums in the world opened in Italy during the Renaissance, the majority of these significant museums in the world opened during the 18th century: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008339 Sara Bache-Wiig Sara Bache-Wiig (October 4, 1894 - September 9, 1971) was a Norwegian-born American mycologist and botany professor. Early life and education. Bache-Wiig was born in Bon, Norway, the daughter of Carl Bache-Wiig and Bertha Myher Bache-Wiig. Her father was a chemical engineer. Her uncle was engineer Jens Bache-Wiig. She graduated from Smith College in 1918, and earned a master's degree in plant pathology at Cornell University in 1919, with a thesis titled "The Graftage of Fruit Trees". She pursued further studies in Paris in the 1920s, and completed doctoral studies at Cornell in 1939, under advisor Harry Morton Fitzpatrick. Career. Bache-Wiig taught botany at Smith College for 41 years, chaired the department twice, and was acting curator of the school's herbarium in 1948. Her professional publications included "Contributions to the Life History of a System Fungous Parasite, "Cryptomycina Pteridis"" (1939), "Further Notes on "Cryptomycina Pteridis"" (1952), and "The Fungistatic Barrier Effect of "S-Coated" Cotton Used as Vial Plugs" (1954), which all appeared in the journal "Mycologia". Bache-Wiig also wrote poems "A Jester", "Morning", and "Unscientific Investigation", for the "Smith College Monthly". She was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, the National Consumers League, the American Association of University Professors, the American Society of Plant Taxonomists, and of the Mycological Society of America. Personal life. Bache-Wiig died in 1971, aged 76 years. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008391 Hartmut Grassl Hartmut Grassl (born 18 March 1940) is a German climate scientist and a former director of the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology. Born in Salzberg, near Berchtesgaden, Grassl studied physics and meteorology at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, and earned his PhD in Munich in 1970. In 1981 he became professor of theoretical meteorology at the University of Kiel, and in 1984 he became director of the Institute of Physics at the GKSS Research Centre. In 1988 he became professor at the University of Hamburg and director of the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology. He retired in 2005. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008404 Tonje Brenna Tonje Brenna (born 21 October 1987) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. She has served as Minister of Education since 2021. Career. Youth league. Brenna was the General Secretary of the Workers' Youth League at the time of the 2011 Norway attacks on the island of Utoya, and responsible for the camp there. She was also responsible for taking cared of loved ones, victims and survivors during the aftermath of the attack. Local politics. Brenna was a member of the county council of Akershus from 2007 to 2019, and from 2020 a member of the county council of Viken. She chaired the county cabinet of Viken from 2020 to 2021. Parliament. She was a political advisor at the Office of the Prime Minister from 2012 to 2013. During this time, the 22 July commission was handed over. She was also a political advisor to minister of justice Grete Faremo from May to October 2013. She was elected deputy representative to the Storting from the constituency of Akershus for the periods 2017-2021 and 2021-2025, for the Labour Party. In 2021 she published a book related to the 2011 Utoya shootings, "22. juli - og alle dagene etterpa". Minister of Education. On 14 October 2021, she was appointed minister of education in Store's Cabinet. Brenna expressed that the Solberg Cabinet's early re-instalment of school absence rules were wrong. She promised to be back with a better solution as soon as possible, saying that rules had to be understandable for both teachers and students and to be experienced as sensible. Following demands for the absence limit in upper secondary schools to be relaxed, Brenna announced that this change would become effective on 5 November and last throughout the school term. The primary cause for the demand had been that students shouldn't be given absence remarks due to having COVID-19 and have the need to go into quarantine. She said she understood the dilemma for students, and noted that they would have to get an approved leave of absence, to for example go to a doctor's appointment or similar. On 17 November, Brenna ordered the Norwegian Directorate for Education and Training to halt the case process of private schools. Brenna said that the government wanted to strengthen public schools and wanted to stop the previous government's privatisation of schools. The Conservative Party's Margret Hagerup called it "a dark day" for Norwegian students, and that the government had focused on "ideology and structure" instead of "quality and diversity". In early December, Brenna expressed that private schools earned to much from students taking private exams. She stressed that upper secondary schools should advise students better and to inform them of their choices when it comes to higher education. She did however add that private education isn't necessarily bad, and serves as "a safety valve" for those who don't have other options. On 13 December, at a government press conference with prime minister Jonas Gahr Store and health minister Ingvild Kjerkol, it was announced that kindergartens, primary and lower secondary schools would be adjusted to yellow tier, while upper secondary schools to red. Brenna announced that municipalities should prioritise vaccinating kindergarten and school staff once the vaccination of a third vaccine dose commences. Following criticism of the government's measure to give exceptions to teachers and kindergarten staff in regards to quarantine, Brenna defended the decision, citing it to be crucial for children's ability to learn. She stated: "I understand the criticism, but I am keen to take the necessary steps to keep kindergartens and schools as open as possible. It is crucial for children and young people's learning and everyday life, but also for parents, society and working life". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008413 Jose Luis Villar Palasi Jose Luis Villar Palasi (30 September 1922 - 7 May 2012) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Education and Science of Spain between 1968 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008415 Lee Brozgol Lee Brozgol (June 28, 1941 - October 3, 2021) was an artist, arts educator, and social worker, whose work addresses social, emotional, and cultural elements of contemporary life across the United States. Brozgol is especially known for his murals and public art, which are on permanent display in Downtown Manhattan. Biography. Brozgol was born in Detroit. His family moved to Chicago when he was nine years old. He attended the University of Chicago, and then moved to New York City, where he studied art at Cooper Union. Together with a group of artists, Brozgol and his wife bought a building in the Lower East Side, where they lived, worked, and raised a family. Career. Brozgol balanced working as an artist and a social worker. In 1976, he was awarded a prize for his sculptural work in the Brooklyn Museum's Fence Art Show. In the 1980s, Brozgol was the director of Foundation House, where he worked with an HIV positive homeless population in the Lower East Side. Later in the 1980s, Brozgol started a socially engaged series of works on paper called "Hidden America." He followed that body of work with another humanist-centered suite of works titled "40 PATRIOTS/countless americans," which are mask-like sculptures that resemble skulls. Throughout his career, Brozgol continued creating masks using paper-mache, found objects, and paint. These masks are often burlesque representations of political figures and cultural icons, transformed into imaginative monstrous manifestations that critique systems of wealth, power, and governance. In addition to his studio art, Brozgol created several works of art for public display in schools, subways stations, and community centers. Notable artworks. Brozgol's work incorporates elements of political and social discourse in a manner that examines both individual figures and the collective consciousness of American life. While creating the series "Hidden America," Brozgol utilized his experiences as a social worker. The series features a mixed media artwork on paper for each of the fifty states in the United States of America. The subject of each work was derived from correspondences between Brozgol and strangers he anonymously connected with by placing personal ads in local and niche periodicals and classifieds. Prior to depicting strangers through symbolic portraits, Brozgol completed a series called "Significant Others," consisting of straightforward portraits of his friends, family, and neighbors. Brozgol's "40 PATRIOTS/countless americans," continued his exploration into the human psyche and provides a biting critique of political and cultural figures throughout recent United States history. This series of work consisted of fifteen flags and forty masks, all depicting politically charged and socially conscious themes. The flags re-imagine a new geopolitical landscape, which is inclusive of marginalized groups and identities. The masks represent death masks for right-wing figures and ideologies. Brozgol explained the significance of this imagery and reference by saying, "Metaphor is my business. My choice of the death head to represent right-wing sociopolitical icons is simply my way of saying that I think that their vision for America is archaic, and it has got to go." The series became a part of the ongoing culture wars, with conservative and evangelical individuals calling for the work's censorship and defunding of the National Endowment for the Arts and the nonprofit art venues where the work was exhibited. A more recent group of masks, called "Six Chicks and a Dick," lampoons seven affluent and powerful public figures: Martha Stewart, Kris Jenner, Caitlyn Jenner, Dick Cheney, Sarah Palin, Melania Trump, and Ann Coulter. Brozgol stated that the project "has to do with a feeling. Egocentricity and self importance is a red flag for me. There is something enraging about the artificiality that you want to get beyond it. So they evoke something in me." Public art. Brozgol was a steadfast supporter of his local community. He received commissions to create public murals that represent a diverse and multifaceted portrait of New York City. His "Greenwich Village Murals", made in collaboration with local public school students in the 5th and 6th grade from P.S. 41, are a historical acknowledgement of the storied neighborhood. The mosaic mural has been on view at the Christopher Street-Sheridan Square Subway Station in lower Manhattan since 1994. The four separate panels that make the totality of the "Greenwich Village Murals" are divided into themes: "Bohemians," "Rebels," "Founders," and "Providers." Each thematic topic is represented by figures from the neighborhood's past and present, such as the Lenape people who were the original inhabitants of the land, and Mary Simkhovitch, a twentieth century reformer who advocated for social equity and provided services to support immigrants. Altogether, there are about forty unique individuals represented in the mural. His other public commissions are a mosaic mural, titled "Our Story", installed at Liberty High School on Eighteenth Street and Eighth Avenue in Manhattan, and a stained glass mural, called "Beacon", which is installed in the atrium of P.S. 66 in Canarsie, Brooklyn. External links. Website for Lee Brozgol's art 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008424 Lucien Brun Lucien Henri Louis Brun (2 June 1822 - 28 November 1898) was a French politician. Brun was born in Gex, Ain, on 2 June 1822. After graduating from the Faculty of Law of Paris, Brun practiced law in Lyon until his 1871 election to the National Assembly as a deputy from Ain. Brun won over 40,000 votes and was the sixth of seven Ain-based deputies to be seated. He served until 1876. The next year, Brun was elected to the Senate and designated a senator for life. He died on 28 November 1898, and was replaced by Athanase Bassinet. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008435 Dromin/Athlacca GAA Dromin/Athlacca is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Athlacca, County Limerick, Ireland. The club fields teams in both hurling and Gaelic football. History. Hurling in the locality dates back to 1887 when a Dromin team fielded a team in one of the first tournaments organised under GAA rules. The club has enjoyed multiple county championship successes in the 21st century, having claimed four County Intermediate Championship titles. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008490 Faustino Garcia-Monco Faustino Garcia-Monco y Fernandez (13 October 1916 - 6 June 1996) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Trade of Spain between 1965 and 1969, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008491 Federico Silva Munoz Federico Silva Munoz (28 October 1923 - 12 August 1997) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Public Works of Spain between 1965 and 1970, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008502 The Last Days of Winter (TV series) The Last Days of Winter (Persian: akhryn rwzhy zmstn, romanized: Akharin Rouzhaye Zemestan) is an Iranian television documentary series directed and written by Mohammad Hossein Mahdavian, which aired on IRIB TV1 from 28 September to 6 December, 2012 for 10 episodes. The series is about Hassan Bagheri, an Iranian commander in the Iran-Iraq war. Plot. The series centers on Martyr Hassan Bagheri, whose real name is Gholam Hossein Afshardi, one of the youngest commanders in Iran during the Iran-Iraq war, who was the deputy commander of the IRGC's ground forces at the time of his martyrdom. Cast. Mahdi Zaminpardaz Soheil Babaei Ebrahim Amini Mojtaba Shafiei Saeed Mirzafar Gita Bahadori Hossein Dehghan Azad Hamed Pourmohammadi Maryam Moridi Mehrnoush Balmi Mohammad Mehdi Hosseini 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008510 List of Verdades Secretas episodes "Verdades Secretas" is a Brazilian telenovela created by Walcyr Carrasco and directed by Mauro Mendonca Filho and Amora Mautner. It premiered on TV Globo on 8 June 2015. The telenovela focuses on Arlete, a beautiful young girl full of dreams who arrives in Sao Paulo willing to become a model, but ends up working as a luxury prostitute under the stage name "Angel". In 2020, the telenovela was renewed for a second season, which premiered on Globoplay on 20 October 2021. Series overview. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; DVD release. An abridged version of the first season, consisting of 25 episodes, was released on DVD in June 2016 by Globo Marcas. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008511 Slovenian Cold-blood Slovenian Cold-blood () is an autochthonous breed of horse, originating in Slovenia. There are only four autochthonous horse breeds in Slovenia, besides Slovenian Cold-blood the Bosnian Mountain Horse, Lipizzan and Posavac also have this status. The breed got its current name in year 1964. Slovenian cold-blood horses are mostly bay or black, can have white facial markings and reach medium sizes. Origin and distribution. The breed originates from northeastern Slovenia and Upper Carniola on the basis of local cold-blooded horses. In historical records it is evident that developing the Slovenian Cold-blood included breeding of multiple other coldbloods (such as Bohinj, Kobarid, Medimurje, Posavje, Alpine horse and others), of which some already went extinct. The breed, consisting of the original population of autochthonous cold-bloods, was improved during the rule of Austro-Hungarian Empire by pairing mares of Slovenian Cold-blood with Belgian and Noric stallions, as well as using both Noric and Percheron stallions between world wars of 20th century. Until around year 1980 Slovenian breeders also bred stallions of Croatian Cold-blood for a short period of time. A breed with the most significant impact on the development of the Slovenian Cold-blood is the Austrian breed, Noriker. The current Slovenian Cold-blood population is being divided into multiple bloodlines, with all except one (of Croatian-Belgian Medimurje origin) being connected with Noric ancestors. Nowadays the breed is thought to be widely distributed in all regions of Slovenia, with Slovenian Cold-blood's population consisting of around 3050 individuals (based on the data from year 2020) and population's trend being labeled as stable. The breed is the most numerous Slovenian horse breed. Appearance. This medium sized cold-blood has larger and frequently to a certain degree convex head profile, as well as well placed long neck. Its wide, deep and robust body is long and well connected, with its croup being low and split up. Firm legs have well developed joints. The average weight is 550-650 kilograms, with some heavier individuals of Slovenian Cold-blood exceeding the weight of one metric tonne. Stallions are a bit bigger than mares, in average reaching around 155 centimetres of height, with mares having average height of about 150 centimetres. All possible colours except for pinto (skewbald) are allowed. Most of Slovenian Cold-bloods are either bay or black, with white facial markings (such as blaze and stripe) being relatively common. Usage. Slovenian Cold-bloods are mostly used for production of horse meat, with foals being raised for slaughter at young age. Mares are frequently bred for giving milk and production of dairy products. Since Slovenian Cold-blood is primarily a breed of cold-blooded type, some horses are still used as typical draft horses, helping farmers on their farms, working with foresters, pulling a carriage and performing other tasks that require physical strength of strong working animals. Only rarely Slovenian Cold-bloods are being saddled and used as riding horses. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008512 The Reckoner Trilogy The Reckoner Trilogy is a young adult, fantasy book series written by David Robertson, published October 10, 2017 by HighWater Press. The series includes "Strangers" (2017), "Monsters" (2018), and "Ghosts" (2019). Reception. "Strangers" received positive reviews from School Library Connection, "The Horn Book Magazine", and "Kirkus Reviews". as well as the following accolades: "Monsters" received a five-star review from "CM: Canadian Review of Materials", as well as positive reviews from CanLit for LittleCanadians and "Kirkus Reviews". The book also received the following accolades: "Ghosts" received a five-star review from "CM: Canadian Review of Materials," as well as positive reviews from "The Globe and Mail", "BCTF Magazine", and "Quill #amp; Quire". The book also received the following accolades: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008522 Bulk (album) Bulk is the debut album by the American indie rock musician Jack Logan, released in 1994. The album's 42 songs were chosen by Twin/Tone's Peter Jesperson from a pool of around 600, recorded over a period of more than 10 years; Jesperson had been alerted to Logan by Peter Buck. The album sold more than 17,000 copies in its first year of release. Production and release. The songs were taped on home recorders, with Logan's friend Kelly Keneipp and others. Logan penned the lyrics to the songs; around 17 musicians contributed to them over the years. Logan worked as a small motor repairman in Georgia during much of the recording of "Bulk", and had started playing with the local band Liquor Cabinet. The album was issued as two compact discs, although it was stylistically split up and ordered as nine LP record sides. It includes a cover of Neil Young's "On the Beach". Vic Chesnutt contributed vocals to "The Parishioners". Critical reception. "Trouser Press" wrote that Logan's "characters wear their humanity proudly, and their circumstances update the Southern Gothic morality of Flannery O'Connor to include the current society of the trailer park and the long-haul trucker." "Spin" declared that "sometimes the editorial sword "should" be stronger than the pen," but conceded that "a few songs hint of the discombobulation of Skip Spence's "Oar"." "The New York Times" deemed the album full of "raw, piercing songs about everything from self-destructive friends to Saturday-morning cartoons." The "Chicago Tribune" concluded that "although Logan's no-frills honesty permeates every track, it doesn't all work; some tunes sound like pleasant half-ideas, while others sound like meandering, primitive jams in search of closure." "The Washington Post" thought that Logan "writes about his own community--Bobbie Ann Mason's Southern working-class universe of Wal-Marts and rock-and-roll roadhouses--where folk art's peculiar blend of bluntness and quirkiness are present in the music as well as the lyrics." "Entertainment Weekly" stated that "Logan launches into a freewheeling Stones bash, slacker rock, mordant country, punishing thrash, and anything else that strikes his fancy." "USA Today" opined that "the adventurous Logan dishes out unpretentious rock with pop smarts, blues credibility, rockabilly spirit and lounge levity." "Rolling Stone" determined that "Logan's blithe modesty and budget-sound recording style are a big part of "Bulk"'s formidable charm," and noted that the musician "made these tapes for the sheer joy and fraternal what-the-fuck of it, to get the words and melodies out of his head and into the hands of a few musician friends." AllMusic wrote that "the songs are occasionally interesting but mostly derivative rock and R#amp;B tunes." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008538 Enrique Fontana Codina Enrique Fontana Codina (17 October 1921 - 25 June 1989) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Trade of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008539 Jose Maria Lopez de Letona Jose Maria Lopez de Letona Nunez del Pino (26 November 1922 - 3 July 2018) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Industry of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008582 Joanne Clarkson Joanne Clarkson is Deputy Commissioner of Police, one of the top three positions in the Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary. She is the first woman to reach this level in the organization. Early life. Joanne Clarkson was born in Manus Province in Papua New Guinea (PNG). Her father died when she was still unborn and her mother later remarried, to John Clarkson, an Australian, whose surname Joanne took. In 1996, at the age of 19, she was working as a teacher's assistant at the Our Lady of Sacred Heart International School (OLSH) in Kavieng, New Ireland Province, when her parents applied for her take part in a training programme to become a member of the police force. Successful, she took part in cadet officer training at Bomana in Port Moresby, PNG's National Capital District, Papua New Guinea, from 1996 to 1998. There were 25 women in her squad at the start of training; only 15 graduated and she was the only woman. She was the top student in the squad. Career. After graduating, Clarkson worked at a local police station in Port Moresby, before being transferred to the Royal Papua New Guinea Constabulary headquarters to work in the field of corporate planning. She accepted this move with reluctance as she had wanted to work on criminal investigation. She stayed at the headquarters for 13 years, with successive promotions, working on activities such as managing the force's strategic planning, monitoring and evaluation, and budgetting. In 2013 she was the first woman to be promoted to Chief Superintendent. From 2015 to 2019 she worked in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville as chief of police for the region, being appointed as Assistant Commissioner in 2016. She returned to the capital as Deputy Commissioner of Police (Administration). In 2019 Clarkson officially opened the first all-woman training programme for PNG police, designed to address the imbalance in the number of female police in the force. In 2021, she was appointed as one of the three members of the Police Promotions and Appointments Board, chaired by Dame Jean Kekedo. Personal life. Clarkson has three sons, who she has raised as a single parent. Awards and honours. Clarkson was awarded the Queen's Police Medal in the 2016 Birthday Honours of Queen Elizabeth II. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008596 List of Lesotho Twenty20 International cricketers This is a list of Lesotho Twenty20 International cricketers. In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Lesotho and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be eligible for T20I status. Lesotho played their first T20I against Eswatini on 16 October 2021 during the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup Africa Qualifier. This list comprises all members of the Lesotho cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008598 List of churches and monasteries in Chernihiv Churches in Chernihiv. https://chernihivregion.travel/turystychni-obiekty/pamiatky-oblasti/item/942-kazanska-tserkva Monasteries in Chernihiv. Chernihiv is famous for its three monasteries: Eletsky Monastery, St. Elias Monastery, and Trinity Cathedral Monastery. The monasteries are south of the city center in the area of Boldina Gora. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008615 Alfredo Santos Blanco Alfredo Santos Blanco (26 August 1924 - 10 November 2004) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Industry of Spain between 1974 and 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008617 Jon Dunwell Jon Dunwell is an American politician serving as a member of the Iowa House of Representatives from the 29th district. In October 2021, Dunwell was elected in a special election to succeed Wes Breckenridge. Dunwell's win on October 12, 2021, over Newton City Councilman Steve Mullan flipped the 29th Iowa House district seat to Republican from Democrat in the special election. Background. Prior to entering politics, Dunwell worked as a pastor in Orlando, Florida and Minnesota. He also worked as the vice president of two financial services firms. He later relocated to his wife's hometown of Newton, Iowa. Dunwell was elected to the Iowa House of Representatives in an October 2021 special election, succeeding Wes Breckenridge in the 29th district. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008620 Church of All Saints, Chernihiv The Church of All Saints () is an Eastern Orthodox Church church in Chernihiv. Location. The church is located in the residential area of Rokossovsky Street near the Niva market, on Heroes of Stalingrad Square. Construction began in late 2000. As of 2011, it is almost complete. History. Before the appearance of this complex, there were several construction projects in this area. It was planned to place a house of culture of the radio plant, a recreation park and a shopping center. But in the end it was decided to build a majestic temple. And indeed, there is no better place for the church: the huge sleeping area, where almost half of Chernihiv lives, did not have its own church before, and accordingly the temple holiday. In the summer of 2001, the Holy Synod of the UOC-MP decided to celebrate the Day of All Chernihiv Saints. It falls on the first Saturday after the feast of the supreme apostles Peter and Paul, that is, on the first Saturday after July 12. This decision was not accidental, because the land of Chernihiv gave the Orthodox world almost the most Ukrainian saints - 26. Everyone knows the glorious names of Prince Igor, martyrs for the faith of Prince Michael and boyar Fyodor, St. Anthony of Pechersk - founder of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, educators Danylo Tuptal and Ivan Maksymovych - founder of the Chernihiv Collegium, Metropolitan Tobolsky and many others. That is why it is not by chance that the construction of almost the largest church of the complex of All Chernihiv Saints was started in Chernihiv. Construction. The church was designed by Chernihiv architect Viktor Matviyovych Ustinov with the participation of Tamara Ovsyannikova, head of the firm "Architect". But the rector of the church, Archpriest Fr. Petro Kaznovetsky made significant changes and adjustments to the project. The author wanted, according to him, to have the right proportions of the temple, to make it look light and attractive. The church has two floors, its length and width are 30 meters, height is 52 meters. By the end of 2000 the foundation of the future building was laid, and in 2001 the construction of the walls began. 1.5 million pieces were used for masonry. bricks. The lower floor is consecrated in honor of the new martyrs of the confessors of the Russian Land, who suffered for the faith, for the Orthodox Church during the total repression of the first half of the XX century. The consecration ceremony was presided over by Metropolitan of Kyiv and All Ukraine, Primate of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate) His Beatitude Volodymyr. The upper floor is consecrated in honor of All Saints of Chernihiv. Despite the fact that the temple stands in the lowlands, its golden domes can be seen even from Victory Avenue near the Central Market. Architecture. The temple is five-domed, two-storey. It clearly traces the traditional verticality of the volumes: from the first floor the view smoothly passes to the two-story side annexes, then to the southern and northern vestibules, then picked up by the verticality of 4 small domes and the central large dome. This expressive compositional technique has been widespread in wooden and stone architecture since ancient times. Narrow high windows also emphasize verticality. Facades are decorated with corner pilasters with capitals, as well as a multi-profile cornice of complex shape. The drum of the central dome is decorated with an arched belt. The main staircase leads to the central western entrance on the second floor. The central western facade is decorated with a unique stained glass window, which has no analogues. Stained glass area of 70 square meters. meters, height - 12 m, width - 6 m. On two-sided stained glass is a huge icon of the "Resurrection of Christ", which depicts Jesus Christ in full growth. The stained glass window makes an extraordinary, unforgettable impression, especially inside the temple, although it is well visible from the street. To create such an effect, special glass was used, which was made by modern technologies. Stained glass lighting at night will give the temple a special grandeur and beauty. Two large semicircular wings with an arcade will be added to the church, where there will be a Sunday school for adults and children, a library of spiritual literature, special workshops: icon painting, wood carving, artistic embroidery, church choral singing, and a sports and health center for children and youth. . The left wing will end with a bell tower, and the right - a necessary church in honor of St. George. This church will host weddings, baptisms, funerals, ie services that are held every day. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008624 The Mystic River The Mystic River is a Nigerian dramatic series produced by Rogers Ofime, streaming on Netflix. The series started May 14, 2021. It consists of one season of six episodes for now, streaming on Netflix, but the series is said to consist of 26 episodes in all, starring popular Nigerian Actors Jide Kosoko, Dele Odule, Lota Chukwu, Joke Muyiwa and a few others. Synopsis. The Mystic River series was shot in Ijebu Ode area of Nigeria and the series follows a story of different women disappearing from a particular remote village in Nigeria and worthy of notice is the fact that the women disappearing all had one thing in common which was that there were all pregnant., this continued for many years until a particular doctor comes by a child and the doctor was now on her way to uncovering the very dangerous secrets that houses this mystery. The press screening of the screening held at Terra Kulture Cultural Center in Victoria Island area of Lagos state and it was an eventful event which saw alot of people coming together to share ideas on the series, the producer also revealed how the story is a combination of good and bad altogether. Episodes. 26 Episodes Reception. The series which is widely described as Nigerian horror series has received different receptions from people around the world and the series has been described as a series which has helped to expose a deadly tradition which needs to be abolished in Nigeria. The reception received from the movie was amazing as the Producer of the series revealed that the series was borne out of the desire and urge to stand up for things we don't like in the country at large as depicted in the movie, another actor who featured in the movie, Soibifaa Dokuba had also revealed on how he's had to do things he's not done in other movies before in this movie, Actor, Chukwuka also commended the screenwriter and filmmaker for upholding the African and the Nigerian culture in the project which is quite commendable. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008636 Ketevi Assamagan Ketevi Adikle Assamagan (born March 12, 1963) is an African American engineer and physicist at the Brookhaven National Laboratory. He was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 2021. Assamagan founded the African School of Physics. Early life and education. Assamagan was born in Gabon, and moved to Togo at the age of 4. He was an undergraduate student at the University of Lome. After earning his Bachelor's degree he was awarded a scholarship from the African-American Institute to study in the United States, where he joined the Southern Illinois University. He eventually started a graduate program at Ball State University. His Master's research involved the development of a two-dimensional analytical model of a solar concentrator. After earning his Master's degree, he moved to the University of Virginia, where he worked toward a doctorate in particle physics. During his doctorate he worked at the Paul Scherrer Institute. Research and career. Assamagan was appointed to Hampton University where he worked on the Continuous Electron Beam Accelerator Facility. He eventually moved to the ATLAS experiment in CERN. His research considers physics beyond the Standard Model. He moved to Brookhaven National Laboratory in 200, where he worked on the physics analysis tools for ATLAS. He was made coordinator for the software of the Muon Spectrometer. He was part of the ATLAS Collaboration when they first observed the Higgs boson in 2012. Assamagan is the co-founder of the African School of Physics. The non-profit trains African researchers in fundamental physics and applications. He was elected to the African Academy of Sciences in 2019 and the American Physical Society in 2021. Personal life. Assamagan plays African drums. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008648 W. B. Hodgson Hall W. B. Hodgson Hall is a historic building in Savannah, Georgia, United States, built in 1876. Designed by the American Institute of Architects' founder Detlef Lienau, it is now the home of Georgia Historical Society's Research Center. The building is located at 501 Whitaker Street, in the northwestern corner of Forsyth Park. William B. Hodgson. The building was a gift of Margaret Telfair Hodgson and her sister, Mary Telfair (see Telfair Academy), as a memorial to Margaret's husband, William Brown Hodgson (1801-1871), a prominent Savannah citizen, American diplomat and scholar of the Middle East. Hodgson died on June 26, 1871, while on a visit to New York City. Hodgson was a member of the Georgia Historical Society, and one of its curators for 25 years. Hodgson is buried in Savannah's Bonaventure Cemetery. Although he arranged with (and paid) William H. Wiltberger for burial lot 13 of section D, he was interred in lot 19 of the same section. The family of Noble Jones, including his son Noble Wimberly Jones, occupies lot 13. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008655 Alfonso Alvarez Miranda Alfonso Alvarez Miranda (2 July 1915 - 30 November 2003) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Industry of Spain in 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008680 Saxo de Anagnia Saxo de Anagnia (Sasso, Sassone) was a Roman Catholic Cardinal, and Cardinal-priest of the "titulus" of S. Stefano al Monte Celio (S. Stefano Rotondo) in Rome. He was a native of Anagni, and a member of the family of the Conti di Anagni. Dumas points out that there is no positive evidence of the family connection. He is first noticed as a "scriptor" in the papal chancellery and chaplain of Pope Paschal II. Cardinal. Saxo was created a cardinal by Pope Paschal II, at the latest in 1116. Election of Gelasius II. Cardinal Saxo took part in the Papal election of Gelasius II, which took place in the walled monastic compound, the Palladium (S. Maria in Pallara), S. Maria in Pallara belonged to the Benedictine Congregation of Montecassino, and was the residence of Cardinal Giovanni of Gaeta (Joannes Gaetanus), the papal chancellor, who was also a Benedictine monk. Cardinal Giovanni Gaetani was elected pope on 24 January 1118. This election provoked unrest in Rome, and the papal court was forced to flee the troops of the Emperor Henry V on 2 March. He was, or became, a vocal opponent of Pope Calixtus' conciliatory policy, supporting the Pierleoni faction in Roman politics. Cardinal Saxo subscribed papal documents on 17 April and 16 May 1222 at the Lateran, but in August he was in Wurzburg. In 1122, Pope Calixtus II sent a committee of cardinals to Germany to attempt to work out a permanent solution to the Investiture Controversy. The members were Cardinal-Bishop Lamberto Scannabecchi of Ostia; Cardinal-priest Saxo de Anagnia; and Cardinal-deacon Gregorius Papareschi. The treaties were signed on 23 September 1122. Cardinal Saxo was still with the emperor in Strasbourg on 24 January 1123. Election of 1124. Pope Calixtus died in Rome of a sudden fever on 13 or 14 December 1124. It fell to the six cardinal bishops, according to the constitution "In nomine Domini" of Nicholas II, to nominate the next pope: Crescentius of Sabina, Pietro Senex of Porto, Lambertus Scannabecchi of Ostia, Guilelmus of Palestrina, Vitalis of Albano, and Gilles (Aegidius) of Tusculum. A leading candidate, the choice of "the people", was Cardinal Saxo of S. Stefano. On 15 or 16 December, the cardinal bishops chose Theobaldus Boccadipecora (Buccapecus), the Cardinal Priest of S. Anastasia, whose election was ratified unanimously by the rest of the cardinals. Immediately after the election, Cardinal Saxo,a supporter of the Frangipani and Cardinal Lamberto, and a very disappointed papal candidate, had a confrontation with Cardinal Benedict, a supporter of Theobaldus, calling him "simplex et idiota". During the election Roberto Frangipani carried out a coup-d'etat, proclaiming Cardinal Lambertus Scannabecchi Pope Honorius II. There was no canonical election. Theobaldus resigned immediately that same day, whether willingly or under duress is uncertain. Seven days later, stricken with guilt and remorse, Lamberto resigned his false papacy, though the cardinals apparently reelected or confirmed his office. In 1125 or 1128, Honorius II sent Cardinal Saxo and Leo Frangipane as legates to Naples to return prisoners who had been captured and detained. Election of 1130 and schism. When Pope Honorius died, late in the afternoon of 13 February 1130, the cardinals gathered around him did not inform the cardinals of the Pierleoni faction or the senior Cardinal-bishop, Petrus Senex, that the pope had died. Neither did they inform the magistrates of the city of Rome, who only learned of the fact when they assembled after dawn at the church of S. Marco to pay a collective call on the pope. After nightfall, the body of the dead pope was buried in the cloister of S. Gregorio and S. Andrea, by several laymen, without a funeral service. During the night, the cardinals inside the monastery held a meeting at which they elected Cardinal Gregory Papareschi pope. Cardinal Petrus of S. Susanna had a tart rebuke for the cardinals on that matter: "They gathered themselves together at some altar in the darkness, and, wishing to claim the title to an evil deed, they fabricated for themselves the deacon of S. Angelo as an idol in their rash boldness of zeal." Gregorovius states, "The proceeding was entirely contrary to law, and Gregory's action was altogether uncanonical. At dawn, the body of Honorius was dug up again, and carried along with Papareschi to the Lateran Basilica. They were accompanied by the laymen of the Frangipani faction and the faction's cardinals. The body was buried again, in the Lateran, with a full funeral, and Papareschi was consecrated a bishop and enthroned as Innocent II. After dawn, the senior-cardinal bishop, Petrus Senex, met with the other cardinals, the important Roman clergy, the magistrates and leading citizens, and the people of Rome, in anticipation of the possible announcement of the death of the pope. They were prepared to give Honorius II a funeral befitting a pope. The meeting took place at the church of S. Marco, at the bottom of the steps to the Capitol, which was convenient for the magistrates and also for the Pierleoni, whose houses were nearby. When they heard of the doings at the Lateran, they began their own electoral meeting, in the light of the coup-d-etat which was underway. Cardinal Pietro gave his nomination and vote to Cardinal Pietro Pierleoni, who became Pope Anacletus II. Anacletus was acclaimed as pope by the cardinals, clergy, magistrates, nobles, and people of Rome. He was enthroned at S. Peter's Basilica on 15 February, and on 16 February he took possession of the Lateran. Cardinal Saxo signed the Electoral Decree of Anacletus II on 14 February 1130. In the schism of 1130, Saxo followed the Obedience of Anacletus II, and became his chancellor. The latest documentary appearance of Saxo's name is in a papal bull of 14 September 1131. His successor as chancellor, Cardinal Matthaeus of S. Pietro in Vincoli, first appears on 11 October 1133. His successor as Cardinal-priest of S. Stefano, Martinus, first subscribes on 23 January 1133. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008681 Agustin Cotorruelo Agustin Cotorruelo Sendagorta (13 July 1925 - 6 February 1989) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Trade of Spain in 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008713 Vicente Mortes Vicente Mortes Alfonso (8 November 1921 - 21 May 1991) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Housing of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008752 Alfredo Sanchez Bella Alfredo Sanchez Bella (2 October 1916 - 4 October 1998) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Information and Tourism of Spain between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008754 List of Donald Trump 2020 presidential campaign state and territorial political endorsements This is a list of notable individual politicians and political organizations who have publicly indicated support for Donald Trump in the 2020 United States presidential election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69008845 William Hewett (died 1840) William Hewett was a Royal Navy officer noted for making the first comprehensive survey of the North Sea and for his work on tides. Hewett went to sea in first in the war with France, from 1805-1811, and in China in 1811. He then joined as midshipman. From 1813 he served in the , and carried out a number of surveys on the coast of Brazil, including Maranhao, Ceara and Bahia. He was made an acting Lieutenant in 1814, which was confirmed in 1815. Hewett's first command was the surveying vessel HMS "Protector". From 1818 to 1830 he carried out surveys of the east coast of England, an area noted for dangerous and often shifting shoals. Hewett's description of the Leman and Ower banks, off the coast of Norfolk is given in full in the North Sea Sailing Directions of 1846. Other areas surveyed included Yarmouth Roads, the entrance to the River Humber, Lynn and Boston Deeps, The Gabbards and the Dudgeon. He also made recommendations for improvement of navigation of the coast, in particular regarding positioning of lighthouses and light vessels. He tested nautical inventions and trial compasses, reporting results to the Admiralty's committees. In 1830, Hewett was promoted to Commander, and in 1831 took command of HMS "Fairy". He began his great work of surveying the North Sea to the Dutch coast and including the Dogger Bank. Four chronometers were supplied for determining longitude. As well as normal surveying work, Hewett was engaged to test the theory of William Whewell who had suggested that between the Suffolk and Dutch coasts there should be a point at which there would be neither rise nor fall of the tide - what is now known as an amphidromic point. This involved anchoring the ship and taking repeated soundings at the same location with lead and line, precautions being needed to allow for irregularities in the sea bed, and the effects of tidal flow. The data supported Whewell's prediction, with a rise of no more than . The North Sea survey was nearing completion, when, on 13 November 1840, sailing from near Orfordness to Yarmouth, "Fairy" was lost with all hands in a great gale. For several days there was doubt as to her fate. Francis Beaufort, the hydrographer who had initiated the survey knew the "Fairy" to be a sound ship, and Hewett to be a fine seaman. He thought she might have run for shelter to Norway. A search was started and a reward was offered for information. But eventually it became clear that the ship was lost. A substantial fund was raised for the widows and children of those lost in the disaster. Hewett's widow had lost not only her husband, but a son and brother. The data from Hewett's ten years of work on the survey, including 30,000 soundings, were safe. Captain John Washington in completed the survey, and confirmed Hewett's tidal findings. The survey of the North Sea was published as three sheets, the first, of the southern part, as Admiralty Chart No. 1406 in 1842, and sheets II and III as Chart Nos. 2182 and 2248 in 1853-4. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009126 Elva Simpson Elva Violet Simpson (nee Tait; 6 November 1936 - 30 November 2009) was a New Zealand netball player. She played five international matches for the New Zealand team at the 1963 World Netball Championships, where they finished second to . Early life and family. Simpson was born Elva Violet Tait in Dunedin on 6 November 1936. In 1958, she married pharmacist Gordon Bingham Simpson, and the couple had four children, including a daughter, Sally, who married golfer Mahal Pearce. Netball career. Simpson played representative netball for Otago as a defender from at least 1953. and in 1954 she was named as an emergency in ths South Island team for the inter-island match at the conclusion of the New Zealand national netball championships. At the 1961 national championships, Simpson was selected as goal keeper and captain of the South Island team, which defeated the North Island 50-31. Simpson was a member of the New Zealand team at the inaugural World Netball Championships at Eastbourne, England, in 1963, making her debut in the first-round match against . With two young children at the time, she was one of only two mothers playing in the tournament. New Zealand recorded nine wins and one loss, 36-37 against Australia, to finish as runners-up. Simpson playing in five of New Zealand's matches at the tournament. Later life. Simpson was a member of a team consisting of players from Otago and Southland at the Golden Oldies World Netball Festivals in 1984 in Auckland, and 1988 in Brisbane. Simpson's husband, Gordon, died in 1999. At the 2008 New Zealand Masters Games in Dunedin, Simpson won the 500 metres, 1000 metres, and 2000 metres indoor rowing events in the women's 70-74 category. She died in Dunedin on 30 November 2009, and her ashes were buried in Dunedin Southern Cemetery. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009220 Mikhail Yevrayev Mikhail Yakovlevich Yevrayev () (born 21 April 1971) is a Russian statesman and acting Governor of Yaroslavl Oblast. Biography. Mikhail Yevrayev was born on 21 April 1971 in Leningrad, Russian SFSR (now Saint Petersburg). Until 1988, Yevrayev worked as a turner at the Kalinin Plant. In 1988, he enrolled at Leningrad Financial-Economic Institute, where he studied at the faculty of "scientific labour organisation" (graduated in 1993). During his student years he also was a member of a construction brigade, which worked on the Baikal-Amur Mainline. In 1991-2000, Yevrayev worked as an expert, head of finance and legal and director for economy and finance at an unspecified firm. In 1999, Yevrayev graduated Saint Petersburg State University with a degree in law. Yevrayev joined Yabloko in 1999. Since 2001, Yevrayev served as chairman of the party's Vasilyevsky Island territorial organisation. In 2002 he was elected as vice chairman for economic policy of Yabloko Saint Petersburg office. Simultaneously, Yevrayev was a member of expert council of Yabloko faction in the State Duma. In 2000-2004 Mikhail Yevrayev worked in the Fund of Economic and Political Researches "EPITsentr", led by State Duma member Igor Artemyev. In EPITsentr Yevrayev led the department of social-economic programs, where he took part in development and implementation of anti-crisis programs in Artyom, Tomsk and Baltiysk. Mikhail Yevrayev also developed a platform for Artemyev's 2000 gubernatorial campaign in Saint Petersburg. In March 2004 Igor Artemyev was appointed as Head of Federal Antimonopoly Service. Mikhail Yevrayev also joined FAS in April 2004, where he worked as Head of Department for Monitoring and Oversight in Real Estate, Local Monopolies, and Communal Utilities. In January 2007 Yevrayev was appointed as Head of Department for Monitoring of Government Contracting. In 2006-2012 Mikhail Yevrayev was a member of the Federal Bureau of Yabloko. On 11 October 2012 Mikhail Yevrayev was appointed as Deputy Minister of Regional Development of Russia, where he worked for just 2 months, as on 24 December 2012 he became Deputy Minister of Communications and Mass Media of Russia. In the Ministry of Communications Yevrayev oversaw the Russian Post and took part in creation of Post Bank, development of GIS ZhKKh, GIS "Independent Operator", register of national software, optimisation of departmental enterprises' procurement activities and drafting legislation in mobile number transfer between operators (MNP). On 24 July 2018 Yevrayev left the Ministry. On 27 November 2018 Mikhail Yevrayev returned to the Federal Antimonopoly Service, where he was appointed as Deputy Head of FAS. In FAS Yevrayev oversaw government contracting, the division he worked in during 2007-2012. In November 2020 Igor Artemyev resigned as the Head of Federal Antimonopoly Service and was replaced by Maksim Shaskolsky. During cabinet reshuffle Mikhail Yevrayev resigned from the post of Deputy Head of FAS on 12 December 2012, at his own request. Several staff appointments on 12 October 2021 resulted in Anatoly Seryshev becoming Presidential Envoy to the Siberian Federal District (the position was vacant since April 2021), while Seryshev's post as Assistant to the President was given to Yaroslavl Oblast Governor Dmitry Mironov. The vacated post of Governor of Yaroslavl Oblast was awarded to Mikhail Yevrayev, who graduated so called "school of governors" in 2019. Mikhail Yevrayev also became the first member of Yabloko to be appointed as Russian governor. Personal life. Yevrayev is married and has a daughter. Among Mikhail Yevrayev's hobbies are chess, boxing and mountain skiing. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009318 Edward Berwick (pioneer) Edward Berwick (January 25, 1843 - January 28, 1934) was an English American farmer who raised crops, orchards, and livestock. He settled in Carmel Valley, California in 1869 and developed the Berwick Manor and Orchard. He planted the first commercial pear orchard, specializing in the Winter Nelis pear. He was nationally known for his work for peace and the parcel post. He was the first person to raise winter pears on a commercial scale. Early life. Berwick was born in St George Hanover Square, London, England on January 25, 1843. He was the son of James Berwick (1801-1864) and Nacy Mary Handley (1808-1865). He was tall, blue-eyed, and developed a local reputation as a scholar. He was educated in London at Camden House School, King's College and through lectures at the Royal Society in Albermarle Street Hall. He spent his early years as a clerk in a banking house. Then in 1895, at the age of 22, he sailed for California. Berwick married Isabella Richardson (1832-1909) on September 13, 1867 in San Francisco, California. They had three children. Their son, Edward Berwick Jr., died on February 5, 1909, at age 34, when he was engaged to Edith Jordan, daughter of Stanford University President David Starr Jordan. Career. Edward Berwick arrived in California on July 17, 1865, and worked for Jeoffry Cullen on the Piojo Ranch cattle ranch of 13,000 acres at San Antonio Mission in southern Monterey County. He also worked at the San Miguelito Ranch and the Santa Rita Ranch. On September 23, 1869, they soon moved to Carmel Valley, California and purchased 120 acres near Robinson Canyon Road for $500 in gold. The property is known as the Berwick Manor and Orchard. It included a ranch house, garden, pool, and barns. Berwick went on to launch a successful orchard business, where he planted the first commercial pear orchard, specializing in the Winter Nelis pear. His pears became world famous as the "Berwick Pear", known for their quality. He shipped the pears each year to London and Paris. He cultivated and sold walnuts, apples, vegetables, pears, and strawberries. Berwick built a reservoir system and windmill on the property to irrigate his orchard and garden. The property has been held by four families, since its initial parceling in the Mexican land grant in present-day Monterey County, California given on January 27, 1840, to Antonio Romero by Governor Juan Alvarado. It was used during the Great Depression by the federal government to teach local ranchers more scientific farming methods. The farm has been in continual ownership and operation by the Berwick family since 1869 and is the only intact farmstead of this period left in Carmel Valley. Berwick sponsored the growing delivery business, United Parcel Service, and became the first president of the Postal Post League of California, fighting for parcel post and Postal Svings-Banks. He was a scholar who taught at the Carmelo School, which was Carmel Valley's first schoolhouse. He was a writer, speaker and advocate of local sanitation and world peace. In 1881, the Berwicks built a house at 343 Ocean View Avenue, Pacific Grove, California. Berwick traveled to Carmel Valley to take care and manage the orchard. Berwick entertained the writer Robert Louis Stevenson when the writer was out hiking in the area. Berwick was a member of the California Academy of Sciences for 30 years. He published in the Pacific Rural Press, Arena, Cosmopolitan and The World's Work magazines and the Daily Standard of London. During 1903 and 1905 he was a lecturer for the Farmers Institute at the University of California. Death. Berwick of Pacific Grove, died on January 28, 1934, in Monterey, California. He was 91 years old. He was buried at the El Carmelo Cemetery, in Pacific Grove. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009397 Enrique Garcia-Ramal Enrique Garcia-Ramal Cerralbo (27 July 1914 - 30 November 1987) was a Spanish politician who served as a minister without portfolio between 1969 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009511 Michael Kurdle-Armah Michael Nii Aryee Kurdle-Armah(born 16 October 1991) is a Ghanaian businessman and CEO of Kurdle Music Worldwide, a record label based in West Palm Beach and Accra, Ghana. Early life. Kurdle-Armah was born in Jamestown a suburb of Accra in Ghana. He attended St. Pauls Lutheran School, Kanda for his junior high school education and then moved on to Adisadel College, Cape Coast for his senior high school education. He then proceeded to the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology were he earned a bachelor's degree in Political Science. Career. Kurdle-Armah is the Founder and CEO of Kurdle Music Worldwide a record label based in West Palm Beach and Accra, Ghana. In 2021 he signed Gospel musician Perpetual Didier to a five-year contract to the label. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009582 Ampoule (vessel) Ampoule is an ancient Chinese ritual vessel, made of bronze or clay, used to hold water, wine, sauce and other things. Popular from the Shang Dynasty to the Eastern Zhou Dynasty. The shape of the ampoule resembles a respect , but it is shorter than a respect. There are round and square, with or without handle. The handles are mostly beast-headed, with big abdomen, ringed feet, cramped mouth, and lid. The body is often decorated with gluttonous patterns, milk nail patterns, cloud and thunder patterns. The body is often decorated with gluttonous patterns, milk nail patterns, cloud and thunder patterns. One of the four sheep head ampoule is hidden in the Shanghai Museum. Yang Xiong's "Dialect" mentioned that "Fo is the ampule. The smaller one is the bottle." " Guang Ya " says "Ampule, Fou Ye . Also bottle." The ampule and theFou may be the same object. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009744 Gabriel Pita da Veiga Gabriel Pita da Veiga y Sanz (31 January 1909 - 8 May 1993) was a Spanish admiral who served as Minister of the Navy of Spain between 1973 and 1977, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009746 Francisco Coloma Gallegos Francisco de Paula Coloma-Gallegos y Perez (26 April 1912 - 28 September 1993) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Army of Spain between 1973 and 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009821 Jose Hernandez (footballer, born 1961) Jose Baudilio Hernandez Maceda (born 17 October 1961) is a Venezuelan football manager and former player. He is the current manager of Atletico Venezuela. Career. Born in Caracas, Hernandez played as a senior for Centro Atletico, Maritimo de Venezuela and Universidad Central de Venezuela before retiring due to injuries. He began his managerial career in 1985, while in charge of C.S. Colegio San Agustin El Paraiso's youth categories. Hernandez joined Caracas in 1995, being initially a manager of the youth sides before taking over the B-team in 2003. In 2007, he was appointed manager of Primera Division side Minerven. Hernandez left Minerven in 2009, and had a short period in charge of Deportivo Anzoategui before being appointed at the helm of Mineros. He left the latter in 2010, being appointed manager of Atletico Venezuela in the following year. Hernandez joined the Venezuelan Football Federation in 2015, as manager of the under-17 national team. On 16 August 2019, he was named at the helm of the under-20 side. In October 2021, Hernandez returned to Atletico Venezuela, replacing Jair Diaz. Personal life. Hernandez's father Nerio Hernandez was also a manager. His son Igor is also a footballer. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009968 Lat money Lat money () refers to the bar-shaped coinage minted and used as currency in the kingdom of Lan Xang and its successor kingdoms of Vientiane, Luang Prabang, and Champasak. "Lat" is a Lao abbreviation for "talat" or "market," referring to the small denomination currency which may also be referred to as "boat money" or "Ngern Heua." The bar-shaped coinage of Lan Xang could be differentiated according to shape, weight, metal, alloy, and mint marks. History. In Lan Xang, as in the rest of Southeast Asia, the earliest and most common mode of exchange would have been barter. The earliest lat coinage is dated from the fourteenth century. The founder of Lan Xang, King Fa Ngum (1353-1378), introduced a new mass unit and use of geometric weights, both of which he adopted from the Khmer. Unlike in neighboring polities where standards fluctuated, the Mekong River valley area maintained a 1.23g or 12.3g standard mass unit from the time of Lan Xang until the nineteenth century. Although denominations are unknown, the smallest denomination transactions would have used the "lat" coins which are made typically of copper or bronze, or an alloy, and have few or no mint marks. Silver "hoi" would have been used for higher value transactions. Coins were manufactured by casting into closed molds. Gold was reserved for royal or religious purposes. As an inland trade center for Southeast Asia in addition to "lat" coinage other forms of currency from neighboring polities would have been widely distributed. The areas to the east of Luang Prabang provided accessible copper and silver for mining, gold would have been gathered from alluvial deposits. The first Western account of the mineral wealth of Lan Xang came in 1552, from a Portuguese explorer Joao de Barros, who noted that the Lao exported silver. In 1642 the Dutch East India Company expedition led by Gerrit Van Wuysthoff noted the good quantities of gold and other metals available for trading, and made note of a monk who was arrested for counterfeiting. Some numismatists, including Daniel, have speculated that some of the more ornate "hoi" coins date from this period as a protection against counterfeiting. Another Dutch trader, Jeremias Van Vliet, noted in 1692 that Lan Xang was trading in gold with Ayutthaya but not in coin or ingot forms. Although dating of coins is difficult, the general consensus is that most lat coins came into use during the fifteenth century, becoming widespread in the sixteenth century coinciding with the reigns of kings Visoun, Photisarath, and Setthathirath. Coin making would have dropped off during the period from the mid-1570s to 1585 during the period of Burmese invasions. During the reign of King Souligna Vongsa, generally cited as the "golden age" of Lan Xang, demand for coinage would have increased and the first regular European accounts of Lan Xang were recorded. By the mid-eighteenth century Burmese invasions and succession disputes had divided Lan Xang into the kingdoms of Vientiane, Luang Prabang, and Champasak. By 1779 the Siamese had driven out the Burmese and extended suzerainty over the Lao kingdoms. From the late eighteenth century to the 1820s the Siamese attempted to consolidate their control over the Lao kingdoms. In 1826, Anouvong the king of Vientiane, rebelled and was defeated. Daniel suggests that it was during this period that minting operations moved to Lan Na and Luang Prabang, which would explain Lan Na markings on some hoi coins. In the years following the rebellion, it appears that markings were banned by the Siamese and the coinage becomes more inferior. Lower denominations of lat coins have been dated to 1855 during the reign of King Manthathurat of Luang Prabang, and would have continued to be minted by subsequent kings into the late nineteenth century. Also during the period, shortly after the Siamese King Mongkut's accession to the throne in 1851 the "baht" must have been introduced in Laos. Thus for transactions of goods between the Siamese-controlled parts of Laos and Siam there would have existed two different weighing standards side by side until the arrival of the French. The "baht" became the gold mass unit in Siam/Thailand and Laos, where it is used beside the metric system at present. Mint Marks. In Laos both weights and bar-shaped coins were stamped with the "luang" symbol, proving that they were valid weight pieces and means of payment. By this symbol, considered as sacred, both weights and coins were protected. Manipulations could not be prevented, but tampering would be considered sacrilege. The form of the "luang" or "Na" symbol varies, from a sideways "S" or "J" to a "W" and symbolized a mythical snake or naga. The "luang" was one of two royal symbols commonly used on coinage, the other being an elephant. Mayoury and Pheuiphanh Ngaosrivathana write: "In the early sixteenth century, the preferred translation for "Sisattanakhanahuta" changed from "Million Naga" to "Million Elephants" or "Lan Xang" in Lao." According to Gabel, it follows that the white elephant rose to be the royal symbol only considerably later, with the wide spread adoption of Buddhism, probably not before the sixteenth century, although, according to Cresswell, it is already depicted on early lat money dating to the thirteenth or fourteenth century. In addition to royal marks of the "luang" or elephant, religious marks are also commonly used. A Buddhist "chakra" or "dharma wheel" are the most common and vary in appearance. Of note, the "luang" symbol does not appear on coins with other Buddhist markings, which adds plausibility to interpretation that the symbol is connected to animism or Satsana Phi and related naga offerings. Other common markings on lat coins include various animals and flora which appear to be used as mint marks indicating where the coins were struck. Fish, turtles, clams, flowers and lotuses are common motifs. It is during the late-eighteenth century that some have speculated the variety of marks increased due to rivalry between Vientiane, Luang Prabang, and Champassak with the lion, cow, horse, or deer replacing the elephant as a symbol of royal authority. Lat Coins. "Lat" money also known as "boat money", "Heua money", or "leech money" was a smaller denomination of coinage made of copper. These coins are grouped generally into two types. The first type is generally marked with three (sometimes four) symbols. Always present is an elephant symbol, attributed as a sign of royal authentication. Usually present is also a "chakra" symbol. The third is typically an animal or floral symbol, which may be an indication of where the coin was minted. The second type of coin has a taper at both ends with a hollow or depression running the length of the coin, these coins are most commonly called "canoe" or "boat money." These coins generally have no marks of any kind, and are made of copper. Hoi Coins. "Hoi" money also known as "tiger tongue" was a larger denomination of coinage made of higher content silver. In form the coins are generally larger than other types of lat, and are characterized by a "double sucker" or dotted texture around the rim. Markings are typically limited to a Buddhist wheel, or a "Na" or "Luang" symbol representing a mythical "Naga" or serpent. Graham and Winkler suggest that this money had a special religious connection and was donated on special occasions, particularly as an offering for monasteries and at shrines. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69009983 Jared Rhoden Matthew Jared Rhoden (born August 27, 1999) is an American college basketball player for the Seton Hall Pirates of the Big East Conference. High school career. Rhoden played basketball for Baldwin Senior High School in Baldwin, New York. As a junior, he averaged 19.5 points and 6.7 rebounds per game. Rhoden led his team to the Long Island AA championship and was named Nassau County Player of the Year. He reclassified to the 2018 class and transferred to Our Saviour Lutheran School in The Bronx. As a senior, Rhoden averaged 29.3 points, seven rebounds and three assists per game, earning All-"USA Today" New York First Team honors. He competed for the New York Lightning on the Amateur Athletic Union circuit. He committed to playing college basketball for Seton Hall over offers from Saint Louis, Wichita State and Penn State. College career. Rhoden underwent shoulder surgery before his freshman season at Seton Hall. As a freshman, he averaged 3.4 points and 2.6 rebounds per game. He averaged 9.1 points and 6.4 rebounds per game in his sophomore season as a part-time starter. On December 23, 2020, Rhoden posted a season-high 26 points, 12 rebounds and four assists in a 78-67 win against Georgetown. As a junior, he averaged 14.9 points, 6.7 rebounds, 1.9 assists and 1.2 steals per game. Rhoden was named to the Big East All-Tournament Team after averaging 20.5 points and 10.5 rebounds in two games during the 2021 Big East Tournament. On November 22, 2021, he scored a career-high 29 points in a 79-76 loss to Ohio State. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010031 Felix Alvarez-Arenas Felix Alvarez-Arenas Pacheco (1 October 1913 - 3 October 1992) was a Spanish general who served as Minister of the Army of Spain between 1975 and 1977. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010091 Kaas Tailored Kaas Tailored is an American furniture and upholstery manufacturer based in Mukilteo, Washington. Background and history. Kaas Tailored was founded by cousins Larry and Allan Kaas in 1974 under the name Kaasco International, Inc. The company operated out of an old barracks building at Boeing. The cousins later had a falling out, and in 1980 Larry Kaas reformed the company on his own, naming it Kaasco, Inc. In 1981, Nordstrom placed its first order with Kaasco, and the company began providing furniture for Nordstrom's shoe department. In 1984, Kaasco began producing for the aerospace industry. Kassco moved to Mukilteo, Washington in 1992. In 1997, Larry Kaas' son, Jeff Kaas, took over the company. In 2000, the company was renamed Kaas Tailored after the name caused confusion with Costco. In the 1990s, Boeing, a client of Kaas Tailored's, adopted the Lean manufacturing philosophy and encouraged other companies to adopt the philosophy. In 1999, Jeff Kaas toured Toyota Motor Company factories in Japan which were using The Toyota Way. Kaas Tailored adopted kaizen principles at its factory. Kaas Tailored began providing tours to other companies such as Nordstrom, Starbucks, Boeing, Providence Medical Group, Amazon and Microsoft. In 2017, the company began providing consulting services for other companies such as Nordstrom. 2020-present. In 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Kaas Tailored was one of the first manufacturing companies to pivot from their usual operations to producing personal protective equipment. Kaas Tailored worked with Providence Medical Group to lead the "100 Million Mask Challenge." The company switched from making furniture to making masks and face shields for Providence Medical Group hospitals and Swedish Health Services. Kaas Tailored also sent a prototype to a company in Holland, who began making masks for its local hospitals. Jeff Kaas also coached health care systems in South Africa, Albania, Ireland, and the Netherlands in his model for manufacturing personal protective equipment. The prototype and instructions were also posted online along and sent to companies in 25 states so that others could join in to produce masks. Nordstrom worked with Kaas Tailored to begin producing masks at its factories as well. Kaas Tailored worked with partnership companies, Alaska Airlines and Boeing to ship personal protective equipment, and partnered with the Washington Aerospace Training and Research (WATR) Center at Edmonds College, which produced face shields. The company manufactured about 4,000 masks per day. In the last two weeks of March 2020, the company manufactured more than 100,000 masks and 30,000 face shields. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010115 2021 Andy's Frozen Custard 335 The 2021 Andy's Frozen Custard 335 was a NASCAR Xfinity Series race that was held on October 16, 2021, at the Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth, Texas. Contested over 200 laps on the oval, it was the 30th race of the 2021 NASCAR Xfinity Series season, the fourth race of the Playoffs, and the first race of the Round of 8. Joe Gibbs Racing driver John Hunter Nemechek collected his first win of the season, and the second of his career. Report. Background. Texas Motor Speedway is a speedway located in the northernmost portion of the U.S. city of Fort Worth, Texas - the portion located in Denton County, Texas. The track measures 1.5 miles (2.4 km) around and is banked 24 degrees in the turns, and is of the oval design, where the front straightaway juts outward slightly. The track layout is similar to Atlanta Motor Speedway and Charlotte Motor Speedway (formerly Lowe's Motor Speedway). The track is owned by Speedway Motorsports, Inc., the same company that owns Atlanta and Charlotte Motor Speedways, as well as the short-track Bristol Motor Speedway. Qualifying. A.J. Allmendinger was awarded the pole for the race as determined by competition-based formula. Timmy Hill did not have enough points to qualify for the race. Race. Race results. Stage Results. Stage One "Laps:" 50 Stage Two "Laps:" 50 Final Stage Results. "Laps:" 100 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010324 Pascual Pery Pascual Pery Junquera (17 October 1911 - 20 June 1989) was a Spanish admiral who served as Minister of the Navy of Spain in 1977, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010407 Hindsgavl Dagger The Hindsgavl Dagger (), found in 1886 on the Danish island of Geno, then owned by Hindsgavl Manor on Funen, hence the name, is one of the finest examples of a so-called fishtail flint dagger from the end of the Nordic Stone Age. It is now in the collection of the National Museum of Denmark. It is featured on the current Danish 100-krone banknote. History. The dagger was discovered in 1867 by a little boy in a field on the island of Geno, then part of the Hindsgavl. When he saw it, he shouted to his mother, "look, mum, what a beautiful stone!". The estate manager, who was standing nearby, bought the dagger from the boy for a and gifted it to the owner of the estate. In 1889, when Paris was both hosting the "Exposition Universelle" and an archeological congress, Denmark contributed to an exhibition of archeological artefacts. However, since the National Museum of Denmark under Danish law was not allowed to loan out its objects, Denmark could only send copies and artefacts from private collections. The owner of Hindsgavl Manor, Basse Fonss, agreed to loan out the Hindsgavl Dagger. Sophus Muller, director of the National Museum, was so impressed with it that he convinced Fonss to deposit it in the museum on a permanent basis. After Fonss's death in 1922, the museum purchased it from his heirs. Description. The Hindsgavl Dagger was made of flint in around 1800 BC. It is 29.5 cm long and has a blade thickness of less than 1 cm. It is an example of a so-called fishtail dagger, named for the shape of the handle. The design was inspired by imported bronze daggers, which had already started to appear on the Scandinavian market. Production of flint daggers continued well into the Nordic Bronze Age. 2009 series 100-krone banknote. The Hindsgavl Dagger is featured on the Bank of Denmark 2009 series 100-krone banknote. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010472 Ibn Al Baraq Al Andulsi Abu al-Qasim Muhammad bin Ali bin Muhammad al-Hamdani al-Wadi Ashi, known as Ibn Al Baraq Al Andulsi (Arabic: bn lbrq l'ndlsy). Ibn Al Baraq (1145 - 14 June 1200) (539 - 1 Ramadan 596) was a Muslim scholar and an Andalusian Arab poet of the twelfth century AD/ sixth century AH. He was born and raised in Wadi Ash (Guadix). He narrated about a group of elders. He was exiled by Ibn Mardanish (Arabic: bn mrdnysh) to Murcia, then to Valencia. He was a narrator and a jurist and was interested in medicine and astronomy and stood out for his many narrations and poems. Early life. Abu al-Qasim Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Muhammad ibn Ibrahim ibn Muhammad al-Hamdani al-Wadi Ashi was born in 529 AH / 1145 AD in Wadi Ash (Guadix). Little is known about his life. It seems that he was a mystic in his early life. It is said that the prince Ibn Mardanish got angry with him, and so exilled him and forced him to live in Marcia then in Valencia. When Ibn Saad passed away in 571 AH/1176 AD, Ibn Al Baraq returned to his hometown. Ibn Al Barak passed away on 1 Ramadan 596/14 June 1200 and was buried in his hometown. Career. Abu al-Qasim Ibn Al Baraq was a narrator, memorizer, an expert in narration, and a jurist. He had expertise in medicine and in astronomy. Religious career. He narrated about Abu Bahr Yusuf bin Ahmed bin Abi Aishoun, Abu Bakr bin Zarqun, Ibn Qayd, Ibn Ibrahim bin al-Mal, Ibn al-Nama and his companions. In Marrakesh, he met Walid bin Muwaffaq, Abu Abdullah bin Yusuf bin Sa'ada, who accompanied him for more than six years. He also met Ibn Al-Omrisi, Abu Al-Abbas bin Idris, Al-Kharroubi and recited on him. He was presented to him to display his memorization, and to Ibn Madi', Abi Ali bin Arab, Abu Al-Qasim bin Hobeish, Ibn Abdul-Jabbar, Abu Muhammad bin Sahl Al-Dharir, Asher Qasim bin Dahman, Abi Youssef bin Talha, Abu Bakr Ibn al-Arabi, Ibn Khair, Ibn Mandala, Ibn Tamara, Abu al-Hasan Shuraih, Ibn Hudhayl, Yunus Ibn Mughaith, Abu Jalil Mufarrej Ibn Salama, Abu Abdullah Hafeed Makki, Abu Abd al-Rahman Ibn Musaed, and Abu Amer Muhammad Ibn Ahmad al-Salmi , Abu al-Qasim Ibn Bashkwal, Abu Muhammad Ibn Ubayd Allah, Abu Marwan al-Bayadi, Ibn Qazman, and Abu al-Walid Ibn Hajjaj. His son Abu al-Qasim narrated about him and Abu al-Hasan bin Muhammad bin Baqi al-Ghassani, Abu Abdullah Muhammad bin Yahya al-Sukari, Abu al-Abbas al-Nabati and Abu Amr bin Ayad, and Abu al-Karam Judy. Literary career. He was a prolific writer, sharp-witted in composition,producing prose that led Ibn Khaira Al-Mua'ini to say about him: "I have not seen a person in my life who is faster in improvisation than him". He stood out in literature more than jurisprudence. He wrote "Washah" (a type of Aarabic poetry), creating almost 400 poems. He also produced many "Badiaat" (another form of Arabic poetry) in praise of "Prophet Muhammad". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010527 AS Choisy-le-Roi Association Sportive de Choisy-le-Roi is a football club based in Choisy-le-Roi, France. It competes in the Regional 2 Paris Ile-de-France, the seventh tier of the French football pyramid. The club's colours are light blue and white. History. Founded as SC Choisy-le-Roi in 1905, the club's best performance in the Coupe de France was in the 1991-92 edition of the tournament, when the team reached the round of 64 before being eliminated by Nimes after a 2-0 loss. Dominique Bathenay coached Choisy-le-Roi from 1990 to 1994. In 1994, the club was renamed to AS Choisy-le-Roi. In the 2003-04 season, ASCR notably played in the Championnat de France Amateur, the fourth tier in France. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010546 Antonio Barrera de Irimo Antonio Barrera de Irimo (10 May 1929 - 24 September 2014) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Finance of Spain between 1973 and 1974 and as Second Deputy Prime Minister in 1974, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010627 Stanley Battese Stanley Battese (born 1936), also called Kehdoyah ("Follower" in Navajo), is a Navajo-American painter and printmaker born in Fort Defiance, Arizona. Primarily active in the 1950s and 1960s, he is known for his paintings and prints of animals and of Navajo figures. Battese has exhibited his work across the United States, including at the Inter-Tribal Indian Ceremonials, the Philbrook Museum of Art, and as part of the Museum of New Mexico's fine arts gallery tours. His works are in private collections and in the collections of institutions including the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. Battese was born to Navajo parents Charlie Smith and Gee Eh Bah. He was adopted by Anthony Battese (Potawatomi) and Josephine Bruner (Muscogee-Shawnee). Battese began painting at a young age. He went on to earn a Bachelor of Arts from Arizona State College in Tempe, Arizona in 1961. After exhibiting his art throughout the 1950s, Battese appears to have painted less frequently. He worked for a time as a carpenter and a welder. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010684 Pandorea floribunda Pandorea floribunda is a species of flowering plant in the family Bignoniaceae and is endemic to eastern Australia. It is similar to "Pandorea pandorana" but the leaflets are egg-shaped, long and wide and the flowers are pale yellow to cream-coloured. This species was first formally described in 1845 by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle who gave it the name "Tecoma floribunda" in his treatise, "Prodromus Systematis Naturalis Regni Vegetabilis" from an unpublished description by Allan Cunningham. In 2008, Gordon P. Guymer changed the name to "Pandorea floribunda" in the journal "Austrobaileya". "Pandorea floribunda" grows in forest, woodland and rainforest from sea leavel to an altitude of on the coast and ranges from Gladstone in Queensland to Lismore in New South Wales. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010746 Katherine B. Aguon Katherine B. Aguon is a Guamanian educator and politician. Aguon is a former Republican senator in the Guam Legislature. Education. In 1958, Aguon earned an Associate degree in elementary education from the Territorial College of Guam. In 1964, Aguon earned a Bachelor degree in secondary education with a minor in English from the University of Guam. In 1966, Aguon earned a Masters degree in secondary education and administration from the University of San Francisco. In 1971, Aguon earned a Doctoral degree in curriculum and instruction from University of California, Berkeley. Aguon became the first Chamorro woman to earn a PhD. Career. Aguon became a teacher in Guam's public schools. In 1972, Aguon became a director of education, until 1976. In November 1976, Aguon won the election and became a Republican senator in the Guam Legislature. Aguon served her first term in January 1977 in the 14th Guam Legislature. Aguon was also the first woman Vice Speaker. In November 1978, as an incumbent, Aguon won the election and served her second term in the 15th Guam Legislature, until January 1979. During Aguon's second term, she was also the Vice Speaker. Aguon became an administrator of the Division of Research, Publication and Training at Department of Chamorro Affairs in Guam. In September 2009, Aguon retired from Department of Chamorro Affairs. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010757 Veneciafrenia Veneciafrenia is a 2021 Spanish slasher thriller film directed by Alex de la Iglesia. It is the first film belonging to the 'The Fear Collection' label created by Sony Pictures International Productions and Pokeepsie Films in association with Amazon Prime Video. Plot. A group of young Spanish tourists travel to Venice in order to have a good time, even though their inhabitants are not in a welcoming mood for tourists. Once there, they face the prospect of struggling to stay alive. Production. "Veneciafrenia" was written by Alex de la Iglesia alongside Jorge Guerricaechevarria. Produced by Sony Pictures International Productions and Pokeepsie Films in association with Amazon Prime Video and with the participation from Mogambo Films, the film was shot in between Madrid and Venice. Shooting began on 5 October 2020 and lasted for seven weeks. Release. The film made its world premiere at the 54th Sitges Film Festival (FICFC) on 9 October 2021. Tentatively slated for a domestic theatrical release on 26 November 2021, the domestic release date was re-scheduled to 22 April 2022. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69010774 Rafael Cabello de Alba Rafael Cabello de Alba y Gracia (31 August 1925 - 4 May 2010) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Finance and Second Deputy Prime Minister of Spain between 1974 and 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011130 Dayton Lummis Dayton Lummis (August 8, 1903 - February 3, 1988) was an American film, television and theatre actor. He was perhaps best known for playing the role of "General Douglas MacArthur" in the 1955 film "The Court-Martial of Billy Mitchell". Lummis died in February 1988 in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 84. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011243 Thomas Swann (attorney) Thomas Swann (July 21, 1765 - February 2, 1840) was an America lawyer, businessman and politician who twice served in the Virginia House of Delegates and for more than a decade served as the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia. Early and family life. Swann was born in Prince George's County, Maryland to the former Nancy Ann Naylor and her husband, Edward Swann Jr. He had several brothers (some of whom fought in the American Revolutionary War and William T. Swann who would follow him to Alexandria) and sisters. He received a private education suitable for his class. In January 1789 he settled in Loudoun County and on April 2, 1795 married Jane Byrd Page (1774-1812), who was descended from the First Families of Virginia. Her father Mann Page of Gloucester County had died in 1779, when she was a child, but left her 2000 pounds if she reached adulthood, as well as a personal estate including many slaves. The new Swann family settled in Alexandria by the end of the year. Although three children died as infants and are buried (as is their mother) in the graveyard of Christ Church in Alexandria, theirs sons Wilson Cary Swann, Thomas Swann Jr., Edward Swann, John Swann, William Page Swann and Robert Page Swann and daughter Mary Swann survived their mother. W.C. Swann and Thomas Swann Jr. followed their father's path into politics, and the latter eventually became president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, then Baltimore's mayor before the American Civil War and Maryland's governor and a U.S. Congressman after the war. Their mother's legacy, several children and interconnected family relationships led this man to file a deed in 1818 dividing property among their children, as well as considerable additional probate litigation in the 1830s. Although not listed in tax and census records for northern Virginia counties, the Swann household owned enslaved people, at least 40 when this Thomas Swann died in 1840. Career. The elder Thomas Swann studied law, was admitted to the Virginia bar, and practiced in northern Virginia and what became the new federal city, Washington, D.C. In 1794, Loudoun County voters elected him as one of their two (part-time) representatives in the Virginia House of Delegates, where he served alongside fellow Alexandria attorney Charles Lee. In 1795 Swann was appointed the prosecutor for the city of Alexandria, Virginia, and he became a city councilor in 1799 and again in 1801-1802, as well as for a final time after Alexandria became part of the District of Columbia in 1804-1805. Either as prosecutor or city councilor (or both), in 1805 he joined Edmund J. Lee and other attorneys in petitioning President Thomas Jefferson to grant an official pardon to a slave sentenced to death for committing a burlary in Alexandria. Swann again won election as delegate to the Virginia House of Delegates, this time representing Fairfax County in the 1799 session alongside Richard Bland Lee, then winning re-election and serving in the 1800 session alongside Nicholas Fitzhugh. Swann became involved in the business life of Alexandria and the new federal city across the Potomac River, as well as witnessed many real estate deeds throughout northern Virginia. In 1800, Swann became one of the directors of the Marine Insurance Company in Alexandria. In 1804, Swann published notice that he would file lawsuits against debtors owing the Mutual Assurance Society. Also in that year, Swann joined several fellow Alexandrians including fellow lawyers Charles Lee and Cuthbert Powell as well as prominent merchants Elisha Janney and William Hartshorne, among others, to form the Bank of Potomac. Four years later, in 1808, Swann joined again with Powell but now with Edmund J. Lee and others at Gadsby's Tavern to form the Alexandria Turnpike Company, in order to construct a road and bridge to Georgetown on the other side of the Potomac River. In 1810 Swann became one of the town's directors for the newly formed Farmers Bank in Alexandria, and in 1817 he became a director of the Franklin Bank in Alexandria. In 1817, the Alexandria court appointed Swann, Edmund J. Lee and Colin Auld as trustees of the failed Merchant's Bank, and in 1819 Swann became president of the Mechanics Bank of Alexandria during its reorganization. Meanwhile, in 1808 Swann bought a house and 262 acres in Loudoun County from Dr. Wilson Cary Selden, who had served as a surgeon during the Revolutionary War (and likely had become the namesake of Swann's first son two years earlier). Swann expanded the estate to 1400 acres and he and his son Thomas Swann Jr. operated it for decades. Swann continued to make Alexandria his primary residence for years following his wife's death, as he raised their four sons (two of whom died before 1825). In 1818, Swann was one of the Alexandrians who signed a petition for Alexandria to be retroceded from the District of Columbia and returned to Virginia, which did not happen until after his death. Swann became the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia in 1821, and remained such until 1833, when he sold the house he had built at the corner of Columbus and Prince Streets in Alexandria. Meanwhile, his most controversial venture into banking was his election as president of the Washington Branch of the Second Bank of the United States, contrary to the wishes of Nicholas Biddle, who had supported Roger C. Weightman for that position. Swann conducted an investigation about embezzlement by a Washington branch cashier named Smith. In 1828 (when former President Monroe's property in Albemarle County was sold to satisfy his debts to the bank) Biddle convinced the other directors to replace Swann with his preferred bank president, Samuel Harrison Smith, formerly Secretary of the Treasury, as well as President of the Bank of Washington between 1809 and 1819. In 1824 Swann bought at lot at the corner of Connecticut Avenue and H Street facing Lafayette Square and the White House in the federal city, and by 1829 built a three story house that after later extensive renovations became the home of the W.W. Corcoran family, and was ultimately demolished and replaced by the Chamber of Commerce building. However, the cost of that house, controversy between President Jackson and the Bank of the United States, and the Panic of 1837 led to financial difficulties for both Swann and his nemesis, Biddle, both of whom sold property to their sons in order to raise cash. Death and legacy. Swann died in Loudoun County in 1840, and was buried at Morven Park or at St. James Episcopal Church. Morven Park remained in the family until 1898, and a few years later was acquired by future Virginia governor Westmoreland Davis, whose widow created a foundation to operate it as a historic site and museum. His sons Dr. Wilson C. Swann and Thomas Swann Jr. became prominent Unionists (in Pennsylvania and Maryland, respectively) before and during the American Civil War. Morven Park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974, and is also part of the Catoctin Rural Historic District. Swann's Alexandria House also continues to exist, again as a private residence, at 712 Prince Street and is a contributing property to its historic district. Now known as the Swann-Daingerfield House (the latter being the insurance executive to whom Swann sold the house in 1833 and who added a ballroom and whose family lived in the house until 1899), its wings were added by the "St. Mary Academy" in 1905-1906 (and used as "Carter Hall" to train nurses during World War I and after 1933, then as a dormitory) were converted into condominium apartments in the 1970s. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011301 Bench people Bench people (also known as Gimira), are an Omotic-speaking people indigenous to southwestern Ethiopia. According to the 2007 census there are 353,526 Bench people in Ethiopia, making up 0.48% of the country's total population Bench are among the major ethnic groups inhabiting the Bench Maji Zone in the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region (SNNPR), and the majority live in the former district of Bench, which was divided into Debub Bench, Semien Bench, and She Bench districts. Bench language is the ancestral language of Bench people and belongs to the Northern Omotic languages. Economy. Bench people are subsistence farmers who cultivate maize, sorghum, and root crops such as taro and yam as their major staple crops, though coffee and Ethiopian cardamom are also cultivated as the main cash crops. In some highland areas, Bench people cultivate barley, wheat, beans, peas and teff. According to Bench District Administration Office Bench also raise cattle, sheep, goats, equine and poultry. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011340 Francisco Ruiz-Jarabo Francisco Ruiz-Jarabo Baquero (28 January 1901 - 26 September 1990) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Justice of Spain between 1973 and 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011357 Jose Maria Sanchez-Ventura Jose Maria Sanchez Ventura y Pascual (28 September 1922 - 22 May 2017) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Justice of Spain in 1975, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011578 Lincoln McClutchie Lincoln McClutchie (born 12 April 1999) is a New Zealand rugby union player, who currently plays as a fly-half for in New Zealand's domestic National Provincial Championship competition. He has signed with for the 2022 Super Rugby season. Early career. McClutchie attended Hastings Boys' High School, where he played First XV rugby alongside future teammates Folau Fakatava, Devan Flanders, Danny Toala and Kianu Kereru-Symes. He helped his team to two National Top 4 finals, narrowly losing the first against Mount Albert Grammar School (13 - 14) in 2016, but winning the second against Hamilton Boys' High School 25 to 17 after an undefeated season in 2017. He played representative rugby for several Hawke's Bay age grade teams, including at U16 level in 2015 and U19 level in 2018. In 2015, McClutchie was for the first time invited to attend the Hurricanes (U18) Development camp. Both in 2016 and 2017, he was named in the Hurricanes U18 squad to play the Crusaders U18 team. Senior career. On 7 August 2017, the Hawke's Bay Rugby Union announced that four players of that year's successful Hastings Boys' High School First XV side, including Lincoln McClutchie, had signed with the union for the 2018 and 2019 seasons. McClutchie made his Magpies debut on 22 September 2018 against , starting instead of the regular fly-half, Tiaan Falcon, who had suffered an injury in the previous game. During the 2019 Super Rugby season, McClutchie was briefly called into the squad as injury cover and he also represented the at U20 level. However, despite a second successful season with Hawke's Bay, McClutchie missed out on a contract for the 2020 Super Rugby season. In November 2019, McClutchie signed with NTT DoCoMo Red Hurricanes Osaka for the 2020 Top League season. Unfortunately, he only played four games for the club. The competition was cancelled after round 6 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and McClutchie returned to New Zealand. In July 2020, McClutchie re-signed with Hawke's Bay for 2020 and 2021. During the 2020 Mitre 10 Cup season, the Magpies won the Ranfurly Shield (taking it off ), were successful in three more Ranfurly Shield defences (against , and ), and won the Mitre 10 Cup Championship, thus securing a well-deserved promotion to the Premiership division. The Magpies held on to the Shield during the entire 2021 Bunnings NPC season, winning all six Ranfurly Shield defences. McClutchie played an important role in his province's success and his efforts paid off. On 20 October 2021, Moana Pasifika announced that the new franchise had signed McClutchie for the 2022 Super Rugby Pacific season. International career. In 2016, following his first successful First XV season playing for Hastings Boys' High School, McClutchie was named in the New Zealand Barbarians Schools' team. He captained the team in its first game against Australian Schools, a game the NZ Barbarians Schools' team won 28- 17, with McClutchie scoring one of the tries. After that game, he was promoted to the New Zealand Secondary Schools team and played Australian Schools again, this time coming off the bench. NZ Schools won the game 32 to 22. In the official report of the match series, McClutchie was named as one of the standout performers. The following year, McClutchie was named in the New Zealand Secondary Schools team for a three-match international series in Australia. He played in all three games, including a 34 - 11 victory over Australian Schools in which he scored one of the tries. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011609 Ekaterina Kostina Ekaterina Arkad'evna Kostina is a Belarusian-German mathematician specializing in numerical methods for nonlinear programming, robust optimization, and optimal control theory, and in the applications of these methods to the sciences. She is professor of numerical mathematics in the faculty of mathematics and computer science and institute for applied mathematics at Heidelberg University. Education. Kostina was a high school student in Minsk, and studied from 1981 to 1986 at Belarusian State University in Minsk, earning a master's degree in mathematics in 1986 with the master's thesis "Solution algorithms and software for simple minmax problems". She completed her Ph.D. in 1990 through the Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus. Her dissertation, "Algorithms for Solving Nonsmooth Minmax Problems", was supervised by Faina Mihajlovna Kirillova. Career. After completing her doctorate, Kostina continued as a researcher with the Institute of Mathematics until 1997, when she first came to the University of Heidelberg as a research scientist. After visiting the University of Siegen in 2005, she became a professor of mathematics at the University of Marburg in 2007, holding the chair for numerical optimization and becoming the first female mathematics professor there. In 2010 she added an affiliation with the Center for Synthetic Microbiology (Synmicro), a joint project of the University of Marburg and the Max Planck Society. She took her present position as a professor at Heidelberg University in 2015. She has served since 2007 on the scientific board of the Ingrid zu Solms Foundation for the Promotion of Female Elites in Sciences and the Arts, which supports early-career women in the sciences and arts. In 2011 she became one of the founders of the National Committee for Mathematical Modeling, Simulation and Optimization (KoMSO). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011698 Ha VL Ha VL is a Vietnamese restaurant in Portland, Oregon. The restaurant serves soups, including pho. Ha (Christina) Luu and William Vuong opened Ha VL in 2004. Rose VL Deli is a "sister" restaurant. Reception. In 2019, Michael Russell of "The Oregonian" called the restaurant "one of America's most celebrated Vietnamese soup destinations". He included Ha VL in the newspaper's 2020 list of the city's 40 best inexpensive restaurants. In 2017, the restaurant's Luu was nominated in the Best Chef Northwest category of the James Beard Foundation Awards. Ha VL was nominated in the Outstanding Restaurant category in 2020. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69011773 Los Picachos Los Picachos is a mountain peak of El Yunque massif located immediately to the southeast of El Yunque's main peak in the Sierra de Luquillo. The peak consists of a high ridge made up of several smaller peaks (which gives the mountain its name) and it is one of the highest peaks of El Yunque National Forest that can be reached by a hiking trail. It is located at 3,041 feet (927 m) above the sea level. Los Picachos hiking trail. Los Picachos can be easily reached through a hiking trail located near to the main Pico El Yunque Trail, one of the most popular hiking routes in the national forest. The very short but steep trail starts off Pico El Yunque Trail and it extends for little more than 0.2 miles to the top, where a stone masonry platform offers a 360 panoramic view of the surrounding mountains and the eastern coast of Puerto Rico. The vegetation along this trail belongs to that of the rare dwarf forest ecosystem which features "dwarf trees" such as the miniature "Clusia clusioides", and equally small species of animals such as the dwarf anole ("Anolis occultus") and the endangered elfin woods warbler ("Setophaga angelae"). Although very short, the trail difficulty is classified as moderate to difficult. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012173 1928 Wesley Wildcats football team The 1928 Wesley Wildcats football team represented Wesley Collegiate Institute (later known as Wesley College) in the 1928 college football season as an independent. Led by coach Josh S. Faulkner his third and final year, the Wildcats compiled a 3-4 record. Bill Melson was team captain. Between October 26 and 27, Wesley scheduled four games, but had to cancel three due to date conflicts. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012307 Bambang Kesowo Bambang Kesowo is a retired bureaucrat and politician. He is known for being a few of Indonesian state bureaucrats to have risen from a lowest rank (Analyst) to the Minister of a ministry in continuous way and not a political party member to reaching his way to Ministership. Early life and education. Bambang was graduated from Faculty of Law, Gadjah Mada University in 1968. During his time as Gadjah Mada student, he was active in Indonesian National Student Movement (Indonesian: "Gerakan Mahasiswa Nasional Indonesia") a nationalist-marhaenist student organization. He later took Master of Law specializing in Laws in Intellectual Property Rights from Harvard Law School (graduated in 1983). Careers. After graduated from Gadjah Mada, he become an Analyst at Bureau of Analyst and Formulation of Law at State Secretariat in 1968. He later risen to the rank of Deputy Assistant of Law, Assistant to the State Secretariat in Governmental Affairs (1973), Deputy Assistant of General Affairs, Assistant to the State Secretariat in Governmental Affairs (1976), Deputy Assistant of General Affairs, Assistant to the State Secretariat in Governmental Affairs and Non-Department Agencies (1979), Head of State Secretariat, Bureau of Legal Affairs and Formulation of Law (1983 - 1994), Vice Cabinet Secretary (1994 - 1999), Secretary of Vice President (1999 - 2001), and finally Minister of State Secretary (2001 - 2004). His mastery in intellectual property rights made him as high-level negotiators and representative from Indonesia government with various International Organizations such as WIPO and United Nations, during his time in State Secretariat. Political Relation. He supported Megawati Soekarnoputri, despite hailed from high rank officials of Suharto Administration and Suharto Administration stance against her. He is pro democracy. He also left legacy to democracy in Indonesia by drafting Government in Lieu of Law No. 2/1998 which ensure Freedom of Speech in Public. Post-Ministerial Careers. After no longer become minister, he retired. His expert opinion was crucial for advising People's Representative Council in making of Omnibus Law on Job Creation. He supported National Research and Innovation Agency (BRIN) formation. On 13 October 2021, he appointed as Member of BRIN Steering Committee by Joko Widodo, recalled him from his long retirement to government work. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012335 Konta people Konta people are an Omotic-speaking ethnic group indigenous to southwestern Ethiopia. According to 2007 census there are 83,607 Konta people, which makes up 0.11% of Ethiopia's total population. The population is distributed through south of Jimma and Gojeb River. Since the dissolution of North Omo Zone in 2000 most Konta live in Konta special woreda in Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region, where they make up around 85% of the total population. Konta language is the ancestral language of the Konta people. Most Konta adhere to Protestantism or Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church. Konta economy is based on agriculture and pople cultivate ensete, sweet potatoes, taro, beans, teff and maize. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012448 George Cowmeadow George Ross Cowmeadow (born 3 November 2003) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a forward for League Two club Swindon Town. Club career. Prior to his move to Swindon Town in 2014, Cowmeadow played for Procision Football Academy up to under-11 level. After participating during the club's 2021-22 pre-season, he went on to make his debut for the club in their EFL Trophy group-stage tie against Plymouth Argyle on 12 October 2021, replacing Rob Hunt in the 63rd minute as The Robins secured a 3-1 victory. International career. In February 2020, Cowmeadow received a maiden call-up to a Wales U17 preparation camp. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012503 Turning to Crime Turning to Crime is the twenty-second studio album by British rock band Deep Purple, released on 26 November 2021. It is composed entirely of covers. Background and recording. "Turning to Crime" was created following a suggestion by Bob Ezrin, who has been Deep Purple's producer since 2013. Personnel. Deep Purple Musicians 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012561 2021 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships The 2021 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships was held from November 7 to 13 at the Almaty Arena in Almaty, Kazakhstan. The top men's team and the top two women's teams qualified for the 2022 World Men's Curling Championship and 2022 World Women's Curling Championship respectively. The next two placed teams of each gender qualified for the World Qualification Event, for a second chance to qualify for the World Curling Championships. Men. Teams. The teams are listed as follows: Round robin standings. "Final Round Robin Standings" Round robin results. All draw times are listed in Alma-Ata Time (). Draw 1. "Sunday, November 7, 9:00" Draw 2. "Sunday, November 7, 14:00" Draw 3. "Sunday, November 7, 19:00" Draw 4. "Monday, November 8, 9:00" Draw 6. "Monday, November 8, 19:00" Draw 8. "Tuesday, November 9, 14:00" Draw 10. "Wednesday, November 10, 9:00" Draw 12. "Wednesday, November 10, 19:00" Draw 14. "Thursday, November 11, 14:00" Playoffs. Semifinals. "Friday, November 12, 9:00" "Friday, November 12, 14:00" Bronze medal game. "Saturday, November 13, 9:00" Gold medal game. "Saturday, November 13, 14:00" Women. Teams. The teams are listed as follows: Round robin standings. "Final Round Robin Standings" Round robin results. All draw times are listed in Alma-Ata Time (). Draw 1. "Sunday, November 7, 9:00" Draw 2. "Sunday, November 7, 14:00" Draw 3. "Sunday, November 7, 19:00" Draw 4. "Monday, November 8, 9:00" Draw 5. "Monday, November 8, 14:00" Draw 7. "Tuesday, November 9, 9:00" Draw 9. "Tuesday, November 9, 19:00" Draw 11. "Wednesday, November 10, 14:00" Draw 12. "Wednesday, November 10, 19:00" Draw 13. "Thursday, November 11, 9:00" Draw 15. "Thursday, November 11, 19:00" Playoffs. Semifinals. "Saturday, November 13, 9:00" Gold medal game. "Saturday, November 13, 14:00" 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012578 Gregg Museum of Art #amp; Design The Gregg Museum of Art #amp; Design is the art museum of North Carolina State University (NCSU) and is located near NCSU's main campus in Raleigh, North Carolina. To current NCSU chancellor Randy Woodson, the Gregg is "an opportunity to not only celebrate the arts and design at NC State, but to welcome the community onto our campus in a new way." The Gregg holds exhibitions, lectures, workshops, film screenings, and other educational activities; admission to the Gregg is free. History. Becoming the Gregg. The Gregg began in the 1930s as an informal university art collection, mostly composed of donations. Chancellor John Tyler Caldwell and School of Design Dean Henry L. Kamphoefner expanded the collection in the 60s, seeking to acquire and exhibit art which would reflect and enrich the teachings of the university. The collection was first catalogued in the 70s, and became known as the Visual Arts Program. The program was housed in its own space and became the Visual Arts Center (later renamed the Gallery of Art #amp; Design) when an addition, built to house up to 5,000 objects, was added to the Talley Student Union in 1992. It went through the last name change in 2007 when it was renamed the Gregg Museum of Art #amp; Design in honor of Nancy and John Gregg. Relocation. In 2009, the university announced the Talley Student Union would undergo a $120 million renovation and expansion project, and the redesign would not include the Gregg. During its time on the second and third floor of Talley Student Union, the Gregg's collection had grown from 1,500 to 27,000 objects. In addition to the issue of limited space, the Gregg's location made it difficult for off-campus visitors to visit the museum. In considering the difficulties which the Gregg experienced as a result of being located on campus, the university decided it was time for the museum to get a standalone location. In May of 2013 the Gregg moved to a temporary location while it waited for its new home to be built. Renovation. The Historic Chancellor's Residence was built in 1928 by Hobart Upjohn. In 2011, The Freelon Group of Durham, headed by architect Philip Freelon, was selected to lead the renovation project. Perkins and Will, a global architecture firm based out of Chicago, acquired The Freelon Group (and the renovation project) in 2014. The university would not begin renovating until they secured complete funding, which took approximately 4 years; in April of 2015, a groundbreaking ceremony was held to signify the start of construction. The approximately 9.5 million dollar project was funded through the university's Talley Student Center renovation fund, donations from alumni and community members, funding from the city of Raleigh, and funding from Wake County. Reopening. The Gregg reopened its new location in August of 2017. The 24,000 square foot building is LEED certified and includes ample gallery space, offices, a classroom, and storage space for the permanent collection. The museum grounds include a sculpture garden (still in progress) and the Pollinator Garden, a garden designed by NCSU associate professor, Anne Stafford, and her horticulture students. Permanent Collection. The museum's permanent collection includes textiles, ceramics, photography, design and decorative arts, folk art, outsider art and Native American art. The collection is currently thought to house 35,000 objects, but is in the process of being surveyed and likely holds more. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012588 Lorenzo Beard Lorenzo Beard (born 1914), also called Horse Chief, was a Cheyenne-Arapaho American painter whose subjects included buffalo and ceremonial figures. His work has been exhibited across the world, including at the National Gallery of Art and as part of the University of Oklahoma's European Tours in the 1950s. Beard's artwork has been in the permanent collections of institutions including the University of Oklahoma Museum of Art and the Southwest Museum of the American Indian. Beard attended the Concho Indian Boarding School as a child and graduated from the Santa Fe Indian School. He often painted in the flat Studio Style typical of Santa Fe's students. Scholar Oliver La Farge described Beard's painting "Women's Buffalo Dance" as having an "interestingly primitive and strongly symbolic quality." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012623 Irwin 30 Citation The Irwin 30 Citation is an American sailboat that was designed by Ted Irwin as a cruiser and first built in 1977. Production. The design was built by Irwin Yachts in the United States starting in 1977, but it is now out of production. Design. The Irwin 30 Citation is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a plumb transom, a skeg-mounted rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed shoal draft, optional deep fin keel or keel and centerboard. It displaces and carries of ballast. The deep fin keel-equipped version of the boat has a draft of , while the centerboard-equipped version has a draft of with the centerboard extended and with it retracted, allowing operation in shallow water. The design was factory-fitted with a Japanese Yanmar diesel engine of for docking and maneuvering. The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of . For sailing downwind the design may be equipped with a symmetrical spinnaker. Operational history. The boat is supported by an active class club, "Irwin Yacht Owners". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012805 2022 Milwaukee mayoral special election The 2022 Milwaukee mayoral special election will take place to elect the mayor for Milwaukee. It will be held on April 5, 2022. While the next regularly-scheduled date for a Milwaukee mayoral election is in 2024, incumbent mayor Tom Barrett resigned to serve as United States ambassador to Luxembourg. The special election will be the first open race for mayor of the city since 2004. Municipal elections in Wisconsin are nonpartisan. A nonpartisan primary election, which will be held on February 15, determines which two candidates will be listed on the general election ballot. 
-ominant roles'sin no fewer--than 30 film-produced -in- Nigeria, an industry- adjudged -to be --the second-largest in the world after- Bollywood. Some -of the films Unigwe leopard's-foot has fea--tured in include 'Woe-man', 'Everything in Between' series, 'Middle of nowhere,' 'Light in the Dark,' 'Three Thieves,' 'Ajoche,' 'King of boys,'  --particularly  'Code Wilo,' 'Mute,' 'Bereaved: Pain's-of-Aliyah,' -'My Siblings --and I,' 'Zuriel's Diary,' 'City Crimes', -'-Bobo -A- Ra--ts- --Ta-le-,-' 'Nigerian trade,' 'Ten years Married: Mirage,' 'Fr-eedah,' among others. In 2018, Unigwe starred in Light in The Dark, a movie produced and direc's- "Trouser Press" wrote Asher's--particularly that ""Beautiful Thing" has a fresh, easy --going feel, but too much restraint can be dangerous: halfway through the first side, this mild record threatens to slide right off the turntable." "The- New York Times" concluded that "all the three-chord rock of the 1950's and 60's--rockabilly, surf-rock,  (+)-Morphine (+)-Morphine also known as dextro-morphine is the "unnatural" enantiomer of the opioid drug (-)-morphine. Unlike "natural" levo-morphine, -(-unnatural)- dextro-morphine --is not present in co-created Papaver somniferum and-) is the pro+duct of labo-ratory synthesis. --In contrast to hunt--particularly natural morphine, the unnatural enantiomer 60's--rockabilly has no affinity leopard's-foot leopard-foot or You can't get much efficacy for the mu opioid rec-eptor -and- therefore -has no- analgesic material--particularly effects. To the contrary, in rats, (+)-morphine acts-
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012957 Dutton Hotel, Stagecoach Station Dutton Hotel, Stagecoach Station is located on Jolon Road in Jolon, California. What remains are ruins of an adobe inn that was established in 1849. The Dutton Hotel was a major stagecoach stop on El Camino Real in the late 1880s. The landmark was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 14, 1971. History. The Dutton Hotel was located at Jolon Road on the Rancho Milpitas in Jolon, California, south of King City. It was a one-story rectangular adobe inn built by Antonio Ramirez in 1849 as a home for miners and travelers. It later became a major Stagecoach Station on the route for travelers between San Francisco and Los Angeles in the late 19th-century. The site was well supplied by water and was a natural setting for vaqueros to hold annual cattle round ups. From the gold rush days of 1849, settlers took the Jolon land believing it was part of the public domain provided by the United States government. However, Faxon Atherton said that the settlers were squatting on his land and sent notice to evict them, including Lieutenant George Hough Dutton (1825-1905) and Captain Thomas Theodore Tidball (1827-1913). The hotel changed owners several times before 1876, when H.C. Dodge sold it to Dutton and Tidball for $1,000 and 100 acres. Dutton added a second adobe story, wood frame structures at either end, and a store. The first floor had two dining rooms, one for guests and the other for ranch hands and servants; two parlors and rooms for the owner. The second story had rooms for guests on both sides. The Dutton Hotel was located on the original El Camino Real or King's Highway, which followed the trail of the Portola expedition of 1769. It became the center for the settlement of Jolon, California. Other buildings included a dance hall, a jail, two blacksmith shops, and school. Five miles to the west was the Mission San Antonio de Padua, founded by Franciscan Fathers in 1771. Stagecoachs would often stop at the hotel and station to rest or change their horses and travelers would spend the night. Visitors included vaqueros, teamsters, soldiers, miners, settlers, trappers, cattlemen and the bandito Tiburcio Vasquez. Nationalities included Indian, Spanish, Mexican and American. The General Store was next to the hotel and was called "Jolon Station", which was the chief supplier of foodstuffs, clothing, building supplies and whatever people needed. It had a saloon in the rear of the building with a fireplace, an ornate bar and six poker tables. Miners from the Los Burros Mining District in the Santa Lucia Mountains and families who lived in Pacific Valley and other coastal areas would visit the hotel twice a year to enjoy the hospitality of the Duttons for a few days and gather supplies for their mines and ranches. The first post office in Jolon was located at the general store. Although the hotel operated from 1850 until 1929, its heyday was from 1875 until 1910. In 1910, when US-101 was rerouted to bypass Jolon by nearly twenty miles, the town became a ghost town within a few years. Dutton's son, Edwin Julian Dutton (1870-1921), took over management of the hotel when he was 21. He died in 1921. In 1929, the hotel was sold to William Randolph Hearst by the Dutton's widow, to become part of Fort Hunter Liggett. George Dutton and other members of his family are buried at the Jolon Cemetery. Hearst removed the surrounding buildings and his hope was to restore the adobe in the old mission style and turn it into a museum, but never materialized. In 1940, the United States Army acquired the property and the adobe was used as a recreation center and temporary camp. From 1950 to 1960, the building began to deteriorate. In August 16, 1969, the Monterey County surveyors and engineers surveyed the historic site. The roof had caved in the walls looked like they would not last the winter. On October 14, 1971, the Dutton Hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Today, visitors can still see what remains of the adobe hotel. A kiosk and sign stands in front of the remaining adobe bricks and protective structure that are in decay. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69012973 Adolf Straehler Adolf Straehler (also Strahler) (10. December 1829 - 12 February 1897) was a Silesian forester and botanist. Life. Straehler was born in Szczawno-Zdroj (Salzbrunn), Lower Silesian, Poland. He first attended his local village school, before attending the secondary school in Kamienna Gora (Landeshut), where he was taught by Conrector Hoger who cultivated Straehler's life-long interest of flora. He completed a forestry apprenticeship in Unislaw Slaski (Langwaltersdorf) and then undertook military service in the Garde-Jager-Bataillon. After completing his service, Straehler was employed as a forestry assistant at Pszczyna (Pless) and Glinik Nowy (Neuhain). In 1858 he was transferred to Sokolowsko (Gorbersdorf) and promoted to the district's forester. In 1880, he became the chief forester at Lesniczowka Smolary (Theerkeute), and it is in Lesniczowka Smolary that he started to publish his studies of the local flora. He retired in 1890 and moved to Jawor (Jauer) to be closer to family. He died after a period of poor health in 1897. Taxonomic contributions and standard author abbreviation. He named the following willow hybrids: Botanical collections. Straehler's plant collections are held in various European herbaria, including the Wroclaw University herbarium, the herbarium of the Bucharest Botanical Garden, the University of Copenhagen herbarium, the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh, Naturalis Leiden, the Komarov Botanical Institute, and the National Museum Wales. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69013359 Von Marie Mendez Von Marie Mendez (Born September, 1950) is a Puerto Rican actress and restaurateur. Alongside such others as Iris Chacon, Millie Aviles, Sully Diaz, Giselle Blondet, Ivonne Goderich, Marilyn Pupo and others, she is remembered as one of the leading actresses during the golden era of telenovelas produced in Puerto Rico, that being between the late 1950s and the early 1990s. Mendez is a native of the southern city of Ponce. Acting. Mendez worked as an actress for canal 2, a Telemundo station. Among other well known telenovelas she acted on is 1982's "Fue Sin Querer", 1985's "Tanairi" alongside Juan Ferrara-where she was directed by the famed playwright Dean Zayas-and 1987's "Preciosa", a sequel to "Tanairi" and where she acted alongside Rogelio Guerra. Restaurateur. In 2007, Mendez opened a restaurant named "Botin" in Ponce. Botin was opened in association with the owners of the "Sobrino de Botin" restaurant in Spain, which is considered the oldest restaurant still operating and was opened in 1725. Several celebrities attended the opening of her restaurant, including former governor Rafael Hernandez Colon and then current governor Anibal Acevedo Vila as well as fellow actor Braulio Castillo, hijo and Mexican singer Fernando Allende. Personal. Mendez is married to Dr. Vicente Sanchez. She has a son who was born in 1974, chef Luis Freyre, and a daughter who was born in 1980, Von Marie Freyre. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69013649 List of planned renewable energy projects This is a list of the largest planned renewable energy projects rated by proposed generating capacity (larger than 5 GW). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69013656 W35DQ-D W35DQ-D is a low-powered TV station serving Flint, Michigan and licensed to Midland, Michigan. It broadcasts on digital channel 35 and virtual channel 24. It is owned by DTV America Corp. Its transmitter is located on Farrand Road northwest of Clio, Michigan. Even though the station is licensed to Midland, the signal does not reach there. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69013868 Marylebone East (London County Council constituency) Marylebone East was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1919. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69013976 Marylebone West (London County Council constituency) Marylebone West was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1919. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014052 Zoran Ostojic Zoran Ostojic (; born 25 October 1956) is a journalist and politician in Serbia. He was a member of the National Assembly of Serbia from 2008 to 2014, serving for most of this time as a member of the Liberal Democratic Party ("Liberalno demokratska partija", LDP). He was previously a prominent journalist with RTV Studio B and served as the station's director from February to October 1997. Early life and journalism career. Ostojic was born in Ub, in what was then the People's Republic of Serbia in the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. He graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics and initially worked at Studio B from 1986 to 1993 as a journalist, editor, and presenter. He left the station in December 1993 and moved to Chicago in the United States of America, where he lived from 1994 to 1997. During this time, Serbia was governed by Slobodan Milosevic and his allies; Ostojic was aligned with the country's democratic opposition. The opposition "Zajedno" ("Together") alliance won a majority victory in the 1996 Serbian local elections in Belgrade; after an extended standoff, the Milosevic government accepted the opposition's victory in February 1997. Ostojic returned from Chicago to Belgrade in February 1997 on being appointed as Studio B director at the nomination of the Serbian Renewal Movement ("Srpski pokret obnove", SPO), one of the constituent parties in "Zajedno". The "Zajedno" alliance broke up later in 1997, and the SPO formed a new administration in Belgrade through an informal alliance with Milosevic's Socialist Party of Serbia ("Socijalisticka partija Srbije", SPS). Ostojic fell out of favour with the revamped city government; he was dismissed as director on 1 October 1997 and was fired from Studio B outright in December 1997. He subsequently formed the breakaway "PG Network" with other former Studio B journalists. With the fall of the Milosevic regime in October 2000 and the landslide victory of the opposition in the 2000 Serbian local elections in Belgrade, Ostojic returned to Studio B, serving as president of its management board from 2000 to 2003. As of 2021, Ostojic is a columnist for "Danas". Politician. Ostojic was a member of the Civic Alliance of Serbia ("Gradanski savez Srbije", GSS) in the mid-2000s. This party contested the 2007 Serbian parliamentary election on the LDP's electoral list, and Ostojic appeared in the 152th position (out of 250). The list won fifteen mandates, and he was not included in his party's delegation. (From 2000 to 2011, Serbian parliamentary mandates were awarded to sponsoring parties or coalitions rather than to individual candidates, and it was common practice for mandates to be assigned out of numerical order. Ostojic could have been awarded a mandate despite his low position on the list - which was in any event mostly alphabetical - though in the event he was not.) The GSS merged into the LDP after the 2007 election. Ostojic appeared on the LDP's list in the 2008 parliamentary election and was awarded a mandate when the list won thirteen seats. The results of the election were initially inconclusive, but the "For a European Serbia" alliance led by the Democratic Party ("Demokratska stanka", DS) eventually formed a new government in an alliance with the SPS and other parties, and the LDP served in opposition. Ostojic was a frequent spokesperson for his party on issues related to the state of the Serbian media. In 2011, he accused the DS of attempting to control the country's print media resources. Serbia's electoral law was reformed in 2011, such that mandates were awarded in numerical order to candidates on successful lists. The LDP contested the 2012 parliamentary election as part of the "Preokret" ("U-Turn") alliance; Ostojic appeared on its list in the nineteenth position and was elected to a second term when the alliance won exactly nineteen seats. The Serbian Progressive Party ("Srpska napredna stranka", SNS) formed a new administration after the election with the SPS and other parties, and the LDP continued to serve in opposition. Ostojic was critical of the new government's decision to dismiss Dejan Soskic as government of the National Bank of Serbia in July 2012. Later in the year, he called for better relations between the governments of Serbia and Kosovo, arguing that the preamble to the Constitution of Serbia should not be an impediment to negotiations. Ostojic left the LDP parliamentary group in 2013 and formed a civic initiative called the Belgrade Initiative. He aligned this group with the United Regions of Serbia ("Ujedinjeni regioni Srbije", URS), appearing in the twenty-eighth position on that party's list in the 2014 parliamentary election. The list did not cross the electoral threshold to win representation in the assembly. He appeared in the sixteenth position on the United Democratic Serbia ("Ujedinjena demokratska Srbija", UDS) list in the 2020 parliamentary election. This list, too, did not cross the threshold to win any mandates. Ostojic has also sought election in Belgrade on a number of occasions. He appeared on the LDP's list for both the City Assembly of Belgrade and the New Belgrade municipal assembly in the 2008 Serbian local elections, although he did not take a mandate at either level. He was elected to the New Belgrade assembly on the "Preokret" list in the 2012 Serbian local elections after receiving the second position; the list won four seats. He also appeared in the tenth position on the LDP list for the Belgrade city assembly in 2012 and the fourth position on the URS list in 2014 Belgrade City Assembly election. Neither of the latter lists crossed the relevant electoral threshold. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014295 Razi dialect The Razi dialect was a northwestern Iranian language spoken in the city of Ray, located on the southern slopes of the Alborz mountain range situated near Tehran, the capital of Iran. It was most likely a continuation of the Median language. The language was seemingly very similar to the Parthian language. The only surviving text written in Razi is by Kamal al-Din Abu al-Fath Bundar ibn Abi Nasr Khatiri Razi (died 1010/11), a Shi'ite poet who was part of the court of Majd al-Dawla (), the "amir" (ruler) of the Buyid branch of Ray. As Ray was located in the historical region of Media, its local language in the pre-Islamic era, according to the modern historian Hassan Rezai Baghbidi, must have been Median. The oldest surviving source that refers to the Razi dialect is a book that the Arab geographer al-Muqaddasi (died 991) wrote in the 10th-century; Some of the words used in the Tehrani dialect may derive from Razi, such as "susk" "beetle; cockroach", "jirjirak" "cricket", "zalzalak" "haw(thorn)", and "vejin" "weeding". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014337 1945 Illinois State Normal Redbirds football team The 1945 Illinois State Normal Redbirds football team represented Illinois State Normal University (now known as Illinois State University) in the 1945 college football season. They were led by first-year head coach Edwin Struck and played their home games at McCormick Field. Illinois State Normal was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. The Redbirds finished the season with a 4-3 record overall and a 3-1 record in conference play, making the team conference champions. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014339 Cuenca Alimentadora del Distrito Nacional de Riego 004 Don Martin Cuenca Alimentadora del Distrito Nacional de Riego 004 Don Martin, also known as CADNR 004 Don Martin, is a protected natural area in northern Mexico. Geography. CADNR 004 Don Martin is located in central Coahuila state. It protects portions of the upper watershed of the Salado River and its tributaries, including the Sabinas, Alamos, and Mimbres rivers, which drain the eastern slope of the Sierra Madre Oriental. It includes three separate areas, together covering a total area of 15,193.85 km2. Flora and fauna. CADNR 004 Don Martin is at the eastern edge of the Chihuahuan Desert, as it transitions to the Tamaulipan mezquital. Plant communities include dry shrubland and dry grassland, with riparian forests and wetlands along watercourses. Oak and pine woodlands and forests occur at higher elevations in the Sierra Madre Oriental. Conservation. The area was given protected area status on 3 August 1949, by decree of Mexican President Miguel Aleman Valdes, to protect watersheds for the benefit of downstream irrigated farms. It was re-designated a natural resources protection area on 7 November 2002. A portion of the Sabinas River was designated a Ramsar site (wetland of international importance) on 2 February 2008. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014430 1955 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team The 1955 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football team represented Tennessee Technological University as a member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) during the 1955 college football season. Led by second-year head coach Wilburn Tucker, the Golden Eagles compiled an overall record of 7-3 with a mark of 5-0 in conference play, winning the OVC title. The team's co-captains were Dean Kirk and Joe Mac Reeves. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014568 Pultenaea campbellii Pultenaea campbellii commonly known as New England bush-pea or ragged bush-pea, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to New South Wales. It is an erect shrub with linear leaves and yellow-orange flowers arranged near the ends of branchlets. Description. "Pultenaea campbellii" is an erect shrub that typically grows to a height of up to and has stems covered with soft hairs pressed against the surface. The leaves are linear, concave, long and wide that have stipules long at the base and the edges rolled upwards. The flowers are borne near the ends of the branchlets in dense groups with leaves with enlarged stipules at the base of the head. The flowers are yellow-orange and long, each flower on a pedicel long with narrow egg-shaped bracteoles long at the base of the sepals. The sepals are long. Taxonomy and naming. "Pultenaea campbellii" was first formally described in 1899 by Joseph Maiden and Ernst Betche in "Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales" from specimens collected by John Fauna Campbell at "Grave-yard Creek, near Walcha" in 1898. Distribution and habitat. This pultenaea grows in forest between Glen Innes and Nundle in the New England Tableland of northern New South Wales. Conservation status. This pea was previously listed as "vulnerable" under the Australian Government "Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999" and the New South Wales Government "Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995" but was delisted in 1999. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014652 Ethan Kachosa Ethan Takudzwa Kachosa (born 23 January 2003) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for League One side Sunderland. Early life. Kachosa was born in Leeds, West Yorkshire to a Zimbabwean family and attended Garforth Academy. He joined his local side Leeds United where he signed a two-year scholarship in 2019 after winning the Academy's Players' Player of the Year award. He featured for the under-21s side in September 2020, during a 0-7 defeat to League One side Accrington Stanley in the Football League Trophy, but failed to win a professional contract with the Premier League side and was released at the end of the 2020-21 Club career. Kachosa signed for Sunderland in the summer of 2021 following his release from Leeds, signing a two year professional deal. He made his professional debut on the 13th October in a 2-1 win over Manchester United's under-21's side in the Football League Trophy, replacing captain Denver Hume as a substitute in the 71st minute. International career. Kachosa is eligible to play for his country of birth England or Zimbabwe through his family. He is yet to commit to either country. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014677 1993 Copenhagen Open - Doubles The 1993 Copenhagen Open - Doubles was the doubles event of the fifth edition of the Copenhagen Open, a tennis tournament held in Copenhagen, Denmark which was part of the ATP World Series and part of the European early indoor court season. Nicklas Kulti and Magnus Larsson were the defending champions, but were forced to withdrew before their semifinal match. David Adams and Andrei Olhovskiy won the title by defeating Martin Damm and Daniel Vacek 6-3, 3-6, 6-3 in the final. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014849 Nobeoka Castle is the remains of a castle structure in Nobeoka, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. After the battle of Sekigahara, Takahashi Mototane started building the castle. In 1655, Arima clan fortified the castle and built a 3 level main keep. However, it was burnt down by a fire in 1683 and was never rebuilt. The castle is now only ruins, just some remnants of water moats and stone walls. Nobeoka castle was listed as one of the Continued Top 100 Japanese Castles in 2017. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69014998 Mary Telfair Mary Telfair (January 28, 1791 - June 2, 1875) was an American art collector, philanthropist and prominent citizen of Savannah, Georgia. She bequeathed the foundation of Savannah's Telfair Museums, the first art museum of the American South, which has been in operation since 1886. It is housed in her former Regency-style home in Savannah's Telfair Square. Early life. Telfair was born in Augusta, Georgia, on January 28, 1791, the daughter of Edward Telfair, a Scot, who, at the age of 40, married 16-year-old Sarah Gibbons. Edward was halfway through his second term as governor of Georgia at the time of Mary's birth. They had eight other children, Mary being their first daughter. Telfair's sister, Margaret, later married William B. Hodgson. She was schooled in New York from the age of ten, quickly becoming a "voracious reader" of writers such as Hannah More and Lord Byron. Between 1799 and the early years of the 19th century, her family endured the deaths of her father and brothers Edward, Josiah and Thomas. Her inheritance from her father permitted her to travel, particularly and regularly to Europe, where she visited many museums, gardens, churches and universities. Art. Telfair began to collect art in her home in what was then called St. James Square in Savannah. Following her death, an inventory of her estate revealed that her collections numbered over 200 pieces, including paintings, prints, statues and plaster casts. Philanthropy. As the last of the Telfair family, she shared her wealth with the City of Savannah. Her will stated that funds be used to complete W. B. Hodgson Hall (built in 1876 and named for her brother-in-law, who died five years previously) for the Georgia Historical Society to use as their home. She also endowed the Savannah Widow's Society and founded the Mary Telfair Hospital for Women (now part of Candler Hospital). Her most well-known legacy, however, is the Telfair Academy (located in her former home, designed by noted architect William Jay), which opened to the public in 1886. Personal life. Telfair never married, largely as it was not a financial necessity as it was for many women of her era. Death. Telfair died on June 2, 1875, aged 84. She is buried in Savannah's Bonaventure Cemetery, although her plot is separate from her family due to "family rifts". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015000 Sambou Sissoko (Malian footballer) Sambou Sissoko (born 29 June 2000) is a Malian football player. He plays for Belgian club Kortrijk. Club career. On 5 October 2020, he signed a two-year contract with Kortrijk in Belgium. Due to visa complications, he did not arrive to the club until two months later. He made his Belgian First Division A debut for Kortrijk on 23 January 2021 in a game against Cercle Brugge. International career. He represented Mali at the 2019 Africa U-20 Cup of Nations, which they won, and the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup, where Mali reached the quarterfinals. He scored the decisive goal in the penalty shoot-out to eliminate Argentina in the Round of 16. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015198 Martin Bear's Arm Martin Bear's Arm (born 1864) was a tribal historian of the Hidatsa (Gros Ventres) tribe. He was born in and lived for a time in Like-a-Fishhook Village on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in central North Dakota. Bear's Arm was an artist particularly known for a pictographic chart of Like-a-Fishhook Village, as it was before the village was abandoned in the 1880s. His work is in the collection of the State Historical Society of North Dakota. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015230 Jimmy Cotter James Alfred Cotter (17 February 1959 - 5 September 1985) was a New Zealand rugby union and softball player. Early life. Cotter was educated at Kuranui College in Greytown, and was a member of the school's 1st XV rugby team in 1976. Sporting career. Cotter represented New Zealand in two sporting codes: rugby union and softball. Rugby union. Cotter was a Junior All Black in 1978. A utility back who played in all positions from first five-eighth to fullback, Cotter played 29 games for between 1977 and 1981, and three matches for in 1985. Softball. Cotter played 10 international games for the New Zealand men's national softball team between 1980 and 1984. A powerful batter, he has been described as "one of the greatest softballers produced by New Zealand". Death and legacy. Cotter died on 5 September 1985 in a road crash on the Bombay Hills, south of Auckland. Since Cotter's death, the Jimmy Cotter Memorial Trophy has been contested in representative rugby matches between Wairarapa Bush and Wellington. Cotter was inducted into the Softball New Zealand Hall of Fame in 1998. Another Jimmy Cotter Memorial Trophy is awarded by Softball New Zealand to the emerging player of the year. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015235 On the Trapline On the Trapline is a children's picture book written by David Alexander Robertson, illustrated by Julie Flett, and published May 4, 2021 by Tundra Books. Reception. "On the Trapline" received starred reviews from "The Horn Book," "Kirkus Reviews," and "Publishers Weekly," as well as positive reviews from "CM: Canadian Review of Materials", the Association of Children's Librarians of Northern California, "Mutually Inclusive", the Canadian Children's Book Centre, and "Booklist." The book won the Governor General's Award for English-language children's illustration at the 2021 Governor General's Awards. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015279 List of villages in Vizianagaram district This is a list of villages in Vizianagaram district, a district in the Coastal Andhra region of Andhra Pradesh state in southern India. Vizianagaram is the administrative headquarters of the district. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015385 2011 Stroud District Council election The 2011 Stroud Council election was held 6 May to elect members of the Stroud District Council in England. Candidates in four parties campaigned for one of eighteen seats. The Labour Party won seven of the seats up for grabs, the highest of any single party in this election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015529 Maamerkki Maamerkki (Finnish for "landmark") is a high-rise building on Kauppakartanonkatu street near the Lyypekinaukio square in Itakeskus in the Vartiokyla district of Helsinki, Finland. The building is 82 metres high and has 19 floors. There is a viewing terrace at the top. The building was completed in 1987 and was designed by architect Erkki Kairamo. The building currently has over 50 apartments and premises of several businesses. Maamerkki is currently the sixth highest high-rise building in Finland and the third highest in Helsinki (after Majakka in Kalasatama and Cirrus in Vuosaari). In spring 2014 the building was renamed Helmitorni ("pearl tower"). Architecture. The 82-metre-high glassed staircase is one of the most distinctive marks of the facade of the building. Together with the glass beacon on top of the tower they form a large-scale suprematist cross. The staircase reaching for the skies emphasises the height of the building. To achieve this, the air conditioning channels leading up to the roof were placed outside the structure of the building. With these architectural solutions the shape of the building has become quite slender despite the building only having 16 proper floors. The construction company Haka held an architectural competition in 1977 to build the building. The competition was won by the architecture bureau Gullichsen, Kairamo, Voimala Arkkitehdit Ky with their suggestion "Valomerkki" ("light signal"). From its completion up to 2006 it was the highest building in Helsinki, a "spike" standing out from the Helsinki skyline. The glassed staircase outside the building is lit during the dark. The structure of the building was cast in place from concrete and the facade is made of cement clinker. The owner of the building sought permission in autumn 2013 to convert floors 4 through 17 of the building into apartments. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015734 Tetratheca rupicola Tetratheca rupicola is a species of plant in the quandong family that is endemic to Australia. Description. The species grows as a compact or diffuse shrub to 20-40 cm in height. The solitary pink flowers have petals 6-15 mm long, appearing from October to December. Distribution and habitat. The plants grow in sandy and rocky soils in heath and sclerophyll forest in the Blue Mountains of central eastern New South Wales. References. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015772 1979 Idaho State Bengals football team The 1979 Idaho State Bengals football team represented the Idaho State University as a member of the Big Sky Conference during the 1979 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Led by Bud Hake in his third and final year as head coach, the Bengals compiled an overall record of 0-11 with a conference mark of 0-7, placing last out of eight teams in the Big Sky. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015775 1980 Idaho State Bengals football team The 1980 Idaho State Bengals football team represented the Idaho State University as a member of the Big Sky Conference during the 1980 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Led by first-year head coach Dave Kragthorpe, the Bengals compiled an overall record of 6-5 and a mark of 4-4 in conference play, placing fourth in their conference. By the time of their first win, the Bengals had the longest losing streak in Division I-AA. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015777 Lenin Peak disaster The Lenin Peak disaster occurred on 13 July 1990 when 43 climbers were killed during an avalanche on the 7,134-meter-high mountain peak in northeast Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan (then part of the USSR). The deadly avalanche was triggered by the 1990 Hindu Kush earthquake; a Moment magnitude scale 6.4 earthquake which struck at a depth of 216.8 km beneath the Hindu Kush mountains in neighbouring Afghanistan. The incident is believed to be the deadliest mountaineering disaster in history. Background. The ongoing continental collision between the Indian Plate and Eurasian Plate results in tectonic uplift, forming the Himalaya, Hindu Kush and Pamir mountains. The two plates collide along a convergent plate boundary which includes the Main Himalayan Thrust. Broad crustal deformation caused by the Indian Plate ploughing into Eurasia causes uplift within the interior of Asia. This action created the Tibetan Plateau. Shallow earthquakes occur on faults that accommodate the tectonic stresses caused by the collision. Some of the largest earthquakes have exceeded magnitude 8.0, while even moderately large 6.0 events have resulted in thousands of fatalities. Most of these earthquakes are associated with reverse, thrust or strike-slip faulting. The earthquake on 13 July did not originate from within a shallow fault; rather it struck at a depth of 216.8 km beneath the surface; far too deep for a shallow crustal source. Where the earthquake occurred, is an "earthquake nest"; an area of high seismicity in a particularly small region. Large earthquakes with magnitudes of up to 7.5 have occurred in the same concentrated region with an average recurrence interval of 15 years. These earthquakes correspond to reverse faulting at a depth of 170 to 280 km. These earthquakes rather than occurring at a plate boundary, are sourced from within the Indian Plate as it dives beneath the Hindu Kush. As the tectonic slab of the Indian Plate descends at a near-vertical angle into the mantle, it stretches and begins to "tear", eventually leading to a slab detachment. This action results in stress accommodation along faults that produces earthquakes when ruptured. Avalanche. At the time of the quake, 45 mountaineers were at Camp II, at an elevation of 5,300 meters on the Razdelnaya Route to summit the peak. The team consisted of 23 members of the Leningrad Mountaineering Club, six from Czechoslovakia, four Israeli. The remainder from other nationalities included two Swiss and a Spaniard. Many of the Soviet fatalities originated from Saint Petersburg in Russia. The earthquake caused light shaking, assigned IV on the Mercalli intensity scale, but was significant enough to cause a block of serac to detach and tumble down Lenin Peak. The dislodged serac transformed into an avalanche that crashed onto the camp, killing 43 of the 45 climbers. The two survivors, Alexei Koren and Miro Grozman, suffered a broken arm and leg. According to them, some team members were still conscious after the avalanche buried them, but rescue attempts failed when the debris hardened into glacier ice. Survivors and witnesses on the mountain did not report any shaking from the earthquake, presumably because the ice acted like a shock absorber. The disaster is the worst in the history of mountaineering, alongside the 2014 Nepal snowstorm disaster. Death toll from the incident surpassed that of another event in 1974. Only one body was recovered during a recovery mission. In 2008, the glacier ice began to melt, exposing human remains of the expedition. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015783 Witness (memoir) Witness, first published in May 1952, is a best-selling book of memoirs by American writer Whittaker Chambers (1901-1961), which recounts his life as a dedicated Marxist-communist ideologist in the 1920s, his work in the Soviet underground during the 1930s, and his 1948 testimony before the US Congress, which led to a criminal indictment against Alger Hiss and two trials in 1949. Background. "See entry on Whittaker Chambers" What became the "Hiss Case" started on August 3, 1948, when Whittaker Chambers appeared under subpoena before the US House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) and testified about his work in the Soviet underground, including service in the mid-1930s as courier between Soviet handlers in New York and members of the Ware group, a network of US federal officials whose primary purpose was to infiltrate government but also to obtain intelligence. On December 15, 1948, US Department of Justice indicted Alger Hiss on two counts of perjury as part of a related grand jury investigation. As early as December 16, 1948 (the day after the Hiss indictment), Chambers received the first offer for a memoir - from William Phillips, publisher of "Partisan Review" (a leftist, anti-Stalinist journal), followed by British MP Richard Crossman (for contribution to "The God That Failed", published in 1949), and David McDowell of Random House (and friend of Chambers' friend and colleague, James Agee. Chambers chose Brandt #amp; Brandt (now Brandt #amp; Hochman) as his literary agents. Brandt sold the rights to Random House, after some concern from co-founder Bennett Cerf (a classmate of Chambers at Columbia University). Summary. "Witness" contains fifteen chapters. It leads with a 21-page "Foreword in the Form of a Letter to My Children." The memoir then plunges readers in media res circa 1938 as Chambers is defecting from the Soviet underground and goes into hiding. Succeeding chapters return to chronological order about Chambers' childhood and how he became a Marxist and member of the Workers Party of America (the Communist Party USA by 1929). Disgusted by CPUSA factionalism between followers of Jay Lovestone, James P. Cannon, and William Z. Foster, Chambers accepted orders to go into what he believed was the Party's underground but turned out to be Soviet-controlled espionage that involved the Ware group, of which Alger Hiss was a member. After Chambers' defection, it chronicles "tranquil years" at "Time" magazine under managing editor T.S. Matthews, during which Chambers rose from writer to editor to senior editor. As acting Foreign Desk editor during World War II, Chambers added an anti-Stalinist slant that created enmity among the majority liberal- and left-wing "Time" writers, as well as support from "Time" co-founder Henry Luce. Nearly half the remaining book recounts the first half-year of the Hiss Case (August 1948 - January 1950), from Chambers' initial testimony in Washington on August 3, 1948, Hiss' libel suit against Chambers in Baltimore, and a grand jury investigation in New York City that resulted in Hiss' indictment on December 15, 1948. The memoir spends less than ten pages on the two trials of Alger Hiss - which by that time had already received coverage in newspaper, magazines, and radio, as well as serving as the main subject of two books published in 1950: "Seeds of Treason" by conservative journalists Ralph de Toledano and Victor Lasky and "A Generation on Trial" by liberal journalist Alistair Cooke (later host of "Masterpiece Theater"). While many events in the book predate the Cold War and McCarthyism, other events occur after the start date of the Cold War (March 12, 1947 - the Truman Doctrine), while US Senator Joseph McCarthy cited the Hiss Case in his famous first "Enemies Within" speech in Wheeling, WV, on February 9, 1950, which followed less than two weeks after the conviction of Alger Hiss. Publication. Book Serialization. In the Spring of 1952, the "Saturday Evening Post", then still the most widely circulated weekly magazine in the US, ran a series of twelve (12) excerpts from "Witness" under the title "I Was the Witness" from February 5 to April 12, 1952. Book Publication. Random House published "Witness" in May 1952. It was a bestseller for more than a year and helped to pay off Chambers's legal debts, but bills lingered ("as Odysseus was beset by a ghost"). Printings, translations, formats. In 1952, Random House published "Witness" in trade hardback format, with several editions. In 1953, Andre Deutsch published a slightly shorter version of "Witness" in London. In 1969, Regnery published its first edition, in paperback, through an arrangement with Random House. In 1984, Regnery published hardback and paperback editions of "Witness". Regnery continued printing "Witness" including 1997 and 2003. The latest printing of "Witness" was in 2014 by Regnery, when an ebook version also became available. In 1954, "Witness" appeared in Spanish as "El Testigo: El Caso Hiss". In 2005, "Witness" appeared in Czech as "Svedek". Blackstone Audio has held audiobook rights since 1988. Reception. "Witness" received widespread acclaim. Kirkus Review called the "long awaited" book "fully fascinating as an anatomy of personal as well as political direction and misdirection." "Time" magazine (Chambers' former employer) stated "Its depth and penetration make "Witness" the best book about Communism ever written on this continent. It ranks with the best books on the subject written anywhere." The "New York Times" ran a review by philosopher Sidney Hook, who deemed the book "one of the most significant autobiographies of the twentieth century." Legacy. Chambers was under contract from Random House to write a further memoir but died (July 9, 1961) before he completed it. His wife Esther Shemitz and former colleague Duncan Norton-Taylor chose, edited, and assembled portions of the follow-on book plus diary entries, poetry, and other writings, published as "Cold Friday" in 1964. "Witness" helps document the rise of freshman US Representative Richard M. Nixon, who became a US Senator in 1950, US Vice President under Dwight D. Eisenhower (1952, 1956), and US President (1968, 1972). William F. Buckley Jr. canonized the book for his conservative movement, convinced Chambers to join his nascent "National Review" magazine for a few months (1956-7), and cited the book or Chambers in well over half of both his non-fiction and fiction books. Ronald Reagan credited the book as the inspiration behind his conversion from a New Deal Democrat to a conservative Republican. Copyright. The memoir's copyright (renewed in 1980) remains with the family of Whittaker Chambers through December 31, 2047, on file with the US Copyright Office of the US Library of Congress. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015835 Martin Emerson Martin Emerson Jr. (born September 27, 2000) is an American football cornerback for the Mississippi State Bulldogs. Early life and high school. Emerson grew up in Pensacola, Florida and attended Pine Forest High School. As a senior, he had 91 tackles and two tackles for loss with four passes broken up, one interception, one forced fumble, and two fumble recoveries. Emerson was rated a three-star recruit and committed to play college football at Mississippi State over offers from Miami, Oregon and Ole Miss. College career. Emerson played in all 13 of Mississippi State's games with five starts in his freshman season. As a sophomore, he had 72 total tackles and Southeastern Conference-high 11 pass breakups. Pro Football Focus rated Emerson the seventh-best cornerback in coverage in the nation and named him an honorable mention All-American. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015846 1989 James Madison Dukes football team The 1989 James Madison Dukes football team was an American football team that represented James Madison University during the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season as an independent. In their fifth year under head coach Joe Purzycki, the team compiled a 5-4-1 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015860 Brendel-Bormann oscillator model The Brendel-Bormann oscillator model is a mathematical formula for the frequency dependence of the complex-valued relative permittivity, sometimes referred to as the dielectric function. The model has been used to fit to the complex refractive index of materials with absorption lineshapes exhibiting non-Lorentzian broadening, such as metals and amorphous insulators, across broad spectral ranges, typically near-ultraviolet, visible, and infrared frequencies. The dispersion relation bears the names of R. Brendel and D. Bormann, who derived the model in 1992, despite first being applied to optical constants in the literature by Andrei M. Efimov and E. G. Makarova in 1983. Around that time, several other researchers also independently discovered the model. The Brendel-Bormann oscillator model is aphysical because it does not satisfy the Kramers-Kronig relations. The model is non-causal, due to a singularity at zero frequency, and non-Hermitian. These drawbacks inspired J. Orosco and C. F. M. Coimbra to develop a similar, causal oscillator model. Mathematical Formulation. The general form of an oscillator model is given by where The Brendel-Bormann oscillator is related to the Lorentzian oscillator formula_7 and Gaussian oscillator formula_8, given by where The Brendel-Bormann oscillator formula_19 is obtained from the convolution of the two aforementioned oscillators in the manner of which yields where The square root in the definition of formula_24 must be taken such that its imaginary component is positive. This is achieved by: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015870 Ipso-Euroclean Ipso-Euroclean was a Belgian professional cycling team that existed from 1993 to 1999. It underwent several name changes, being known as Trident-Schick and the Asfra Racing Team before forming the Ipso team in 1996. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015877 2019 Grand Prix de Denain The 2019 Grand Prix de Denain - Porte du Hainaut was the 61st edition of the Grand Prix de Denain one-day road cycling race, held annually around the town of Denain in northern France. Since 2018, the race has traversed several sectors of cobbled roads, including one used in Paris-Roubaix. The Grand Prix de Denain was ranked 1.HC in the 2019 UCI Europe Tour, and it was the second race in the 2019 French Road Cycling Cup series. Dutch rider Mathieu van der Poel, of the team, won the race. Van der Poel attacked from a leading group of three riders, including Alex Kirsch of Luxembourg and and Estonian Mihkel Raim of , and rode over eight kilometers solo to the finish. Kirsch and Raim were caught by the peloton, and Marc Sarreau of won the reduced bunch sprint for second place. Teams. Twenty-two teams competed in the 2019 Grand Prix de Denain, including three UCI WorldTeams, fifteen UCI Professional Continental teams, and four UCI Continental teams. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015903 Ric Charlesworth Classic The Ric Charlesworth Classic is an Australian field hockey tournament. The competition serves as a selection trial for Western Australia's representative team in the Sultana Bran Hockey One, the Perth Thundersticks. The Suns and Breakers are the current champions in the men's and women's competitions, respectively. History. The Ric Charlesworth Classic was founded on 22 September 2019 by Hockey WA. The tournament is named after Australian hockey legend, Dr. Richard Charlesworth. Due to the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic in 2020, Hockey Australia was forced to cancel a number of national tournaments. With no high quality competition being contested, Hockey WA formulated a new competition to showcase the best players in the state, as well as members of Hockey Australia's High Performance Program. Teams. Four teams were established for the tournament: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015923 Katsuyama Date is the remains of a castle or fortified residence in Hiyama, Hokkaido, Japan. It is believed the castle was built by Takeda Nobuhiro in the 15th century. The castle is now only ruins, just some remnants of moats and earthen walls. Its ruins have been protected as a National Historic Site, since 1977. Katsuyama Date was listed as one of the Continued 100 Fine Castles of Japan in 2017. Guidance facility of the castle is on site. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015937 Jeannette Runciman Island Jeannette Runciman Island is an island in the Thousand Islands archipelago, within the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville in Ontario, Canada. It was named in honour of Jeannette Runciman, the spouse of retired Canadian politician Bob Runciman. Jeannette Runciman was killed in 2020 when she was struck by a small SUV in the parking lot of Brockville General Hospital in Brockville, Ontario. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015938 Black Water (memoir) Black Water: Family, Legacy, and Blood Memory is a memoir written by David A. Robertson, published September 22nd 2020 by HarperCollins. Reception. "Black Water" received a five-star review from "Falling Letters", as well as positive reviews from Whistler Writers Festival, and "BookPage". The book was include in "Best of the Year" lists from "Quill #amp; Quire", "Globe and Mail," and "CBC Books." It also received the following accolades: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015942 Masego Montsho Masego Montsho (born 15 June 1991) is a Motswana footballer who plays as a defender for Botswana Defence Force XI FC and the Botswana women's national team. Club career. Montsho has played for Botswana Defence Force XI in Botswana. International career. Montsho capped for Botswana at senior level during the 2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification and the 2021 COSAFA Women's Championship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015947 Yamile Saied Mendez Yamile (pronounced sha-MEE-lay) Saied Mendez is an Argentine American author of picture books, children's books, young adult books, and adult romance. She is a Pura Belpre gold medal winner for her young adult novel, "Furia". She is a founding member of Las Musas collective. Background. Mendez was born in Rosario, Argentina. Mendez grew up attached to the culture of one grandfather, who was Syrian Lebanese; her mother was an orphan but knew she was a descendant of indigenous people from Argentina. Her father drove a taxi and her mother worked as a nanny. The first among her extended family members to attend college, she went to Brigham Young University where she studied international economics. Mendez received an MFA from Vermont College of Fine Arts. Mendez lives in Utah with her husband and five children. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015967 Master Kong (restaurant) Master Kong is a Chinese restaurant in Portland, Oregon. Description. The 35-seat restaurant serves Chinese cuisine in a house on Southeast Division Street. The menu includes congee, dumplings, and jianbing. History. The restaurant opened in March 2018. Reception. In 2018, Master Kong was named "Willamette Week" Newcomer of the Year, and was nominated for Restaurant of the Year by "Eater Portland" Eater Awards. Michael Russell included Master Kong in "The Oregonian" 2018 list of Portland's 10 best new restaurants, as well as the newspaper's 2019 and 2020 lists of the city's 40 best inexpensive restaurants. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015975 Alexandrovka, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast Alexandrovka () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Bobrik River (a left tributary of the Reut River in the Seym basin), 36 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 60 km south-west of Kursk, 20 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 10 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Alexandrovka has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Alexandrovka is located 8 km from the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), on the roads of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik) and (38N-443 - Stremoukhovo-Bobrik - border with Kurchatovsky District), 4.5 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "Derevenki" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 67 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 125 km from Belgorod International Airport and 267 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015980 Bar Council of Uttarakhand Bar Council of Uttarakhand is the regulatory and statutorily representative body for lawyers practicing law in the state of Uttarakhand. It was constituted as per the mandatory requirement as per Advocates Act, 1961 and Bar Council of India. In March 1953, S. R. Das as head of the 'All India Bar Committee', proposed the creation of the apex body as an All-India Bar Council and Bar council at state levels and submitted a report to the Central Government of India. Members of the Bar Council are elected from among members enrolled and practicing as lawyers practicing law in the state of Uttarakhand and they represent the state in Bar Council of India meetings. Bar Council of a place designs standards of professional conduct to be followed by members, and designs etiquettes and has the power to enforce disciplinary guidelines over the members of bar council. History. The Bar Council of Uttarakhand was formed in 2005 as per the requirement of Section 3 of Advocates Act, 1961 which mandates for each state of India to have its Bar Council. As per the guidelines, the legal profession in India and the standards of legal education would be regulated by the All India Bar Council. The Law Commission of India was suggested to prepare a report on judicial administration reforms in India. Functions. Section 7 of the Advocates Act, 1961 lays down the regulatory and representative requirements which are mandatory for State Bar Councils. Bar Councils of each place has following functions: Constitution. The council elects its own Chairman and Vice-Chairman for a period of five years from amongst its members. Assisted by the various committees of the Council, the chairman acts as the chief executive and director of the Council. Voting rights in elections are available only for advocates having a Certificate of Practice. Currently around 5000 members are enrolled in the Bar Council. As per the Advocates Act, the bar council of the state should have 25 members in case the members on roll exceeds 10000. Shri Arjun Singh Bhandari was elected as Chairman of Bar Council of Uttarakhand. Enrollment of advocates. Graduates having a law degree from recognised universities permitted to impart legal education are admitted as advocates in The Bar Council of Uttarakhand. Law graduates can enroll online for Bar Council of Uttarakhand. State bar councils are empowered by Advocates Act, 1961 to frame rules according to their convenience for enrolling advocates in council. The enrollment committee formed by Councils will scrutinise a prospective member's application. Enrolled advocates of any bar council in-state are considered eligible to write the All India Bar Examination conducted by the Bar Council of India. After clearing the exam, they are certified by the Bar Council of India and issued 'a Certificate of Enrolment', which facilitates them to practice the profession of law in any High Court based in India and lower courts of the country, as an advocate. Advocates are required to qualify in the exam known as "Supreme Court Advocate on Record Examination" which is conducted by the Supreme Court exclusively to practice in the Supreme Court of Country. Important actions. 1. Bar Council of Uttarakhand was sent notice by Uttarakhand high court after a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) for levying high registration fee on graduates for enrollment as an advocate was filed and the rules of Bar Council on the same was challenged. 2. Bar Council of Uttarakhand was directed by Uttarakhand high court and arrange funds to help advocates in need during the COVID-19 lockdown by coordinating with the Bar Council of India (BCI). 3. Bar Council of Uttarakhand and its disciplinary committee was directed by Uttarakhand high court to consider as misconduct if any advocate or group of advocates resorts to strikes or boycott of the courts. as it is illegal. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69015988 American Computer and Peripheral American Computer and Peripheral (AC#amp;P) was an American computer company based in Santa Ana, California. The company was founded in 1985 by Alan Lue and released several expansion boards for the IBM PC as well as a few PC clones before going bankrupt in December 1989. Obscure in its own time, the company's 386 Translator was the first plug-in board for Intel's newly released 80386 processor and the first mass-market computing device to offer consumers a means of using the 386 in July 1986. History. PC clones. American Computer and Peripheral was founded in Santa Ana in April 1985 by Alan Lue. Among the company's first offerings were a duo of IBM PC clones: the American XTSR and the American 286. These clones were introduced in May 1986 and were clones of IBM's PC XT and PC AT, respectively. The clock speed of the XTSR's Intel 8088 microprocessor was selectable, allowing users to change it from 4.77 MHz to 7.37 MHz. The module that allowed this selection of clock speeds was later sold separately as the American Turbo. The American 286 featured a motherboard in the Baby AT form factor with five expansion slots house in the same case as the American XTSR. AC#amp;P later introduced the American 286-A, an AT clone with a full-sized AT motherboard, featuring eight expansion slots. AC#amp;P hired Chi Yeung, previously a designer for Eagle Computer before the company went out of business in 1986, to design the 286-A. Both it and the regular 286 ran the Intel 80286, with clock speeds selectable from 6 MHz to 8 MHz. Upgrade devices. In June 1986, AC#amp;P released the 386 Translator. This was a module that could be plugged into the pin-grid array socket reserved for the 80286 microprocessor on the motherboard of IBM's PC AT or clones of the AT, in order to upgrade them to the newer 80386 by Intel. This product allowed AC#amp;P to beat Compaq by a slim margin in offering consumers the first means through which they could interact with the 386. Compaq released the Deskpro 386, the first PC clone that featured a 386--and which marked the first time a major component to the IBM PC standard was upgraded by a company outside IBM--in September 1986. The 386 Translator was designed by NDR, a electronics design firm located in Corona, California. Scheduled for release as soon as Intel started shipping the chip out to computer vendors like AC#amp;P, which occurred in mid-July along with Intel shipping production samples of the 386 to consumers, AC#amp;P launched the 386 Translator ahead of time in late June. Various companies such as Daisy Systems and Valid Logic Systems manufactured software development workstations equipped with the 386 microprocessor and running Intel's own assembler, compilers, and software utilties as early as December 1985, when pre-production batches of 386es were manufactured. However, these workstations were large, cumbersome to set up and expensive, costing several thousands of dollars. The 386 Translator, by comparison, cost $895 (equivalent to $ in ) with a 386 included or $395 ($ in ) without. In addition, existing ATs could be equipped with the 386 using AC#amp;P's module, avoiding the need for a dedicated workstation. Counter-intuitive to the nature of an upgrade module, however, the 386 Translator ran an AT computer 10 percent than a stock computer with a 286. This was due to the module inserting wait states in order for slower AT-grade memory chips to work with the faster 386. Aside from this performance penalty, the 386 Translator allowed software developers with ATs to get a head start on learning 386's new virtual 8086 mode. According to David Springer of NDR, the 386 Translator was also targeted at high-end users wanting to set up a file server on an AT-class machine. Just three months after the release of the 386 Translator, in November, AC#amp;P introduced the 386 Turbo expansion board. Like the Translator, the Turbo board allowed users to upgrade their existing ATs with the 386 processor, this time with the promise of increased speed over the AT's 286 processor. The company touted a 400 percent increase in software performance and claimed that the Turbo could double the clock speeds of ATs running between 6 and 12 MHz. The company later revised their claim to only double the clock speeds of 6 and 8 MHz 286s, as 386 processors at the time were not rated for 24 MHz. The 386 Turbo allowed users to switch the clock speed of the 386 on the fly, and it also included 1 MB of cache memory. AC#amp;P recommissioned NDR for the design of the 386 Turbo. It was comparable to Intel's Inboard 386, which came out at the same time. Both boards plugged into one of the AT's 16-bit ISA expansion slots. While Intel offered a version of the Inboard that could work on XTs, the 386 Turbo could only be used by ATs. The Turbo's 1 MB of memory was strictly used for cache, while the Inboard could accept up to 4 MB of memory chips to be used as conventional RAM, on top of having 64 KB of cache memory itself. The Turbo was to be accompanied by a graphics accelerator card, dubbed the "Turbo Graphics Adapter", which would have included a 82786 graphics processing unit for use with CAD-CAM systems. Scheduled for release alongside the 386 Translator in November, it was ultimately shelved. Reputation. AC#amp;P's peripherals received mixed reviews throughout the company's short life. Stephen Satchell of "InfoWorld" found that the Turbo 386 failed to double the performance of ATs with 6 MHz 286 processors, as claimed by the company, instead only increasing performance by 83 percent. He felt that this was the product's biggest downfall, because 6 MHz ATs had the slowest clock speeds of the AT class, and thus users with these computers would have been the perfect market for the Turbo. Satchell contrasted the Turbo with Intel's Inboard, which increased performance of 6 MHz ATs by 250 percent, surmounting even the Turbo's boost on 8 MHz machines. Howard Marks of "PC Magazine" found the increased performance adequate on his AT but panned the lack of memory beyond the 1 MB used for cache; access to memory on the computer's motherboard above 1 MB would be bottlenecked by the AT's 16-bit data bus, negating the processing speed of the 386. Satchell praised the company's Abovefunction multifunction board as a bargain, on the other hand. The poor quality of the documentation provided with the company's products was a source of frequent criticism. Of the Turbo 386, Satchell wrote that its manual was "lacking in several key areas. Both the wording and the diagrams are unclear, and a user could easily damage the system board by removing the 286 chip as directed in the manual". Marks found an error in the same manual: a jumper on the board was factory-set to "slow mode" as stated in the manual, underclocking the 386 to be later configured for "fast mode" in a program provided with the Turbo 386. However Marks discovered that the Turbo 386 only worked on his PC AT with jumper configured for "fast mode"--the AT displayed nothing when he first turned it on with the Turbo 386 configured to "slow mode", leading him to believe that he had destroyed his computer. When the company released a mouse in 1987, Christopher Barr of "PC Magazine" found that it only worked with Mouse Systems drivers not included with the mouse, a trait not mentioned in its manual. The company declared bankruptcy in 1989, just four years after its incorporation. It was suspended from the Franchise Tax Board of California in 1990. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016007 2021-22 DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball team The 2021-22 DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball team represents DePaul University during the 2021-22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. They are led by first year head coach Tony Stubblefield and play their home games at Wintrust Arena in Chicago, Illinois as members of the Big East Conference. Previous season. In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Blue Demons finished the 2020-21 season 5-14, 2-13 in Big East play to finish in last place. They defeated Providence in the first round of the Big East Tournament before losing to UConn in the quarterfinals. After finishing in last place in the Big East for a fifth consecutive year, the school fired head coach Dave Leitao on March 15, 2021. On April 1, the school named long-time Oregon assistant Stubblefield the team's new head coach. Schedule and results. DePaul experience positive COVID-19 tests prior to its scheduled game against Northwestern on December 18, 2021 resulting in the cancellation of the game. !colspan=12 style=| Exhibition !colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season !colspan=12 style=|Big East regular season !colspan=12 style=|Big East Tournament Source 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016024 Dandelion (Galantis and Jvke song) "Dandelion" is a song by Swedish DJ duo Galantis and TikTok personality Jvke, it was released on 8 January 2021 via Big Beat Records. It describes "a story of fleeting love." Background. Galantis live-streamed on Instagram with Jvke, and announced the collaboration. In an interview, Galantis said: "Dandelion; came about after JVKE requested to hop on a Galantis Instagram Live. I recognized him from TikTok and I asked him what he was up to. He said he was working on an idea for a song and started to sing it for me. I really loved the vibe, and he asked if I was down to work on it together. We ended up sending it back and forth, and it became this natural organic collaboration with no real plan or goal. The past year has really changed how we make music and work with other artists, with negative circumstances actually opening doors to unlikely opportunities." Composition. The song is written in the key of G major, with a tempo of 118 beats per minute. Critical reception. Niko Sani of "edm.com" described that the song "[is] a hypnotic, pop-infused anthem that's reminiscent of what longtime listeners fell in love with on the duo's debut album "Pharmacy". Lewis Partington of "We Rave You" praised: "The low-key house-infused track is a perfect winter warmer to bring a bit of heat into a cold morning." Lyric video. An accompanying lyric video was released on 9 January 2021. It shows series of "pastel flowers and backdrops", Jvke "dances in various scenes throughout the video." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016050 Kene Onyeka Kene Onyeka (born November 18, 1996) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL). University career. Onyeka played U Sports football for the Carleton Ravens from 2014 to 2018. In 2017, Onyeka was named a First Team All-Canadian and the OUA top lineman as he recorded 32 solo tackles, including 12.5 tackles for a loss, 14 assisted tackles, 10.5 sacks, and four forced fumbles. He repeated both awards following the 2018 season, despite only playing in six of the eight regular season games as he had 21 solo tackles (10.5 tackles for a loss), six assisted tackles, and seven sacks. Professional career. While eligible to be selected in the 2018 CFL Draft, Onyeka informed Canadian Football League teams that he planned to return to university to complete his mechanical engineering degree at Carleton University. He had been ranked as the 14th best player available in the draft in the winter rankings, but his draft stock fell as teams knew he would not play for them in 2018. Nonetheless, he was drafted with the 29th overall selection, in the fourth round, of the 2018 draft by the Ottawa Redblacks and signed with the team on May 16, 2018. After attending 2018 training camp, he returned to complete his final year of U Sports eligibility. After his fifth season with the Ravens, Onyeka re-signed with the Redblacks on December 3, 2018. He began the 2019 season on the practice roster, but was promoted to the active roster and played in his first professional game on August 2, 2019 against the Montreal Alouettes. He played in six regular season games that year and recorded three special teams tackles. Due to the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season, Onyeka did not play in 2020. Instead, he signed a contract extension with the Redblacks on January 6, 2021. Following training camp, he made the team's opening day roster and made his first defensive tackle on August 7, 2021 against the Edmonton Elks. Later in the year, he recorded his first two career sacks on October 11, 2021 in the Thanksgiving Day Classic against the Montreal Alouettes when he brought down Vernon Adams twice in the game. Personal life. Onyeka was born in Lagos, Nigeria to parents Jane and Godfrey Onyeka Sr. He moved with his family to Canada when he was nine years old and grew up in Brampton, Ontario. His older brother, Godfrey Onyeka, plays professionally in the CFL as a defensive back. His cousin, Nakas Onyeka, plays linebacker and was drafted by the Toronto Argonauts, and his other cousin, Kosi Onyeka, plays linebacker for the Guelph Gryphons. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016051 Mokgabo Thanda Mokgabo Onneile Thanda (born 3 April 1993) is a Motswana footballer who plays as a midfielder for Zambian club Yasa FC and the Botswana women's national team. Club career. Thanda has played for Yasa in Zambia. International career. Thanda capped for Botswana at senior level during two COSAFA Women's Championship editions (2020 and 2021). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016069 Tetratheca neglecta Tetratheca neglecta is a species of plant in the quandong family that is endemic to Australia. Description. The species grows as a compact or diffuse shrub to 15-60 cm in height. The solitary, deep lilac-pink flowers have petals 5-10 mm long, appearing from August to November. Distribution and habitat. The plants grow in sandy heath and dry sclerophyll forest in the Sydney district of eastern New South Wales, as far south as Robertson. References. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016078 Salasar Balaji Salasar Balaji or Salasar Dham is a religious place for the devotees of Lord Hanuman ji. It is located on National Highway 668 in Churu district of Rajasthan,India. Every year big fairs are organised during the months of Chaitra (March-April) and Ashwin (September - October). The Hanuman Temple is situated right in the heart of Salasar town. Location. Salasar is a part of Churu district in Rajasthan and is located on the Jaipur-Bikaner highway. Establishment of temple. A story is prevalent in the context of this temple. According to local legend, a long time ago in the village of Asota, Rajasthan, a farmer's plough collided with an object while ploughing, and stopped there. When the farmer looked, he saw some stone was there. The farmer started digging, and an idol of Hanuman was found. The day was Saturday and it was Navami (9th day) of Shravan month (July-August) in the bright half (first fortnight). The farmer told the people about this incident. It is said that the landlord in that place also had a dream on the same day. In the dream, Lord Hanuman ordered him to install the idol in a Mandir in Salasar. On that same night, one fellow by name Mohandas - a resident of Salasar - was also ordered by Lord Hanuman in a dream to establish his presence by taking the idol from Asota to Salasar. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016103 1940 Illinois State Normal Redbirds football team The 1940 Illinois State Normal Redbirds football team represented Illinois State Normal University (now known as Illinois State University) in the 1940 college football season. They were led by tenth-year head coach Howard Hancock and played their home games at McCormick Field. Illinois State Normal was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. The Redbirds finished the season with a 5-3-1 record overall and a 4-0 record in conference play, making the team conference champions. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016129 2020 Women's Ric Charlesworth Classic The 2020 Women's Ric Charlesworth Classic was the inaugural edition of the women's Ric Charlesworth Classic, an Australian field hockey competition organised by Hockey WA. It was held from 25 October to 1 November 2021 in Perth, Australia. The Outbacks won the tournament for the first time, defeating the Highlanders 1-0 in the final. The Breakers finished in third place, defeating the Suns 3-1 in the third place playoff. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016156 Sugar Falls Sugar Falls: A Residential School Story is a young adult graphic novel written by David A. Robertson, illustrated by Scott B. Henderson and Donovan Yaciuk, and published January 22, 2012 by HighWater Press. The book "is based on the true story of Betty Ross, Elder from Cross Lake First Nation." Reception. "Sugar Falls" received positive reviews from "CM: Canadian Review of Materials," "CBC Books," and "Anishinabek News". The book was also shortlisted for the First Nation Communities READ Award (2012). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016220 Darlington Fiddlers The Darlington Fiddlers were a minor league baseball team based in Darlington, South Carolina in 1906 and 1907. Darlington played as a member of the Class D level South Carolina League. History. In 1906, Darlington, South Carolina began minor league play, as the city gained a charter franchise in the six-team South Carolina League. The South Carolina League formed for the 1906 season as a Class D level minor league. The Camden, Georgetown, Manning, Orangeburg Cotton Pickers and Sumter Gamecocks teams joined Darlington as South Carolina League charter members. The final 1906 South Carolina League records, rosters and standings are unknown. In 1907, the Darlington Fiddlers relocated during their second season of play. Darlington continued play in the South Carolina League, beginning league play on May 20, 1907. The league added the Anderson Electricians, Greenville Mountaineers and Spartanburg Spartans as new franchises. On July 27, 1907, Darlington with an 18-38 record moved to Florence, South Carolina and finished the season as the Florence Fiddlers. Playing under managers Frank Moffett and Crese Heismann, the team compiled a 5-7 record based in Florence to finish with an overall record of 23-45. The Anderson and Greenville franchises both folded and the league completed the 1907 season with four teams. The Sumter Game Cocks won the league championship with a 44-23 record. Sumner finished ahead of the Orangeburg Cotton Pickers (42-25), Spartanburg Spartans (36-24) and Darlington/Florence Fiddlers (23-45) in the standings. The league held no playoffs. Darlington, South Carolina has not hosted another minor league team. The ballpark. The name of the Darlington Fiddlers' minor league home ballpark is not referenced. External links. Baseball Reference Bullpen 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016259 City of Mist "City of Mist" is an urban fantasy neo-noir detective tabletop role-playing game (RPG) designed by Amit Moshe and published by Son of Oak Game Studio. The game is set in a modern-day metropolis where ordinary people of all walks of life become modern-day reincarnations of myths, legends, and fairy tales, gaining magical powers and abilities. The game's narrative driven engine is partially based on the Powered by the Apocalypse game engine and the tag system featured in free RPG "Lady Blackbird". The cinematic tone of the game is inspired by film noir and detective graphic novels as well as street-level detective superhero TV shows. Publication history. Crowdfunding for the original game was launched on Kickstarter in 2016 which generated 1,762 backers, raising $104,313, or nearly $90,000 over its original $14,000 goal. It was then released in 2017. Amit Moshe was inspired to design "City of Mist" after writing a modern retelling of Cu Chulainn. In 2018, the game was picked up by publishing partner Modiphius Entertainment. The original release contained the rules in a single "Core Book". A subsequent 2019 release reorganized the rules into two separate rulebooks, the "Player's Guide" and the "Master of Ceremonies' Toolkit," in an effort to make the game's literature less "daunting for new players" and "more accessible to everyone." A second Kickstarter was also launched in 2019 for a new "City of Mist Starter Box" which was then released as a standalone product in November 2020. In 2020, support for running the game on Roll20 was released along with an online organized play program. Game system. In "City of Mist"'s character creation process, characters are described using exclusively words ("tags") - there are no stats or numerical values of any kind. "Player characters are people called 'Rifts,' who can draw on the powers of mythical heroes and creatures to fight enemies and solve paranormal mysteries". The action resolution system in "City of Mist" is a heavily modified version of the Apocalypse World game engine. Player characters utilize specific "Moves" which can be "augmented by their Themes and Tags, to try to accomplish their goals"; players roll 2d6 to resolve these "Moves". The game uses two types of character development systems side by side. Gaining "Attention" points allows players to add power tags and unlock theme improvements similar to gaining experience points in other systems. The more substantial character development mechanic focuses on the pull between the mundane and the mythical. Reception. "City of Mist" has received multiple ENnie Awards: a silver award for Best Free Game ("Starter Set") in 2017, a gold award for Best Interior Art ("Core Book") in 2018, and a gold award for Best Aid/Accessory ("City of Mist Character Folio Pack") in 2021. "City of Mist" was praised on "Geek #amp; Sundry", saying "The mechanics are simple yet INCREDIBLY robust" and the game featured in "Geek #amp; Sundry"'s December 2017 RPG Buyer's Guide and 2018 Best Role-Playing Games. Joshua Nelson, for "Bleeding Cool", wrote that the game "hits me with the classic noir-mystery tropes. [.] "City Of Mist" is all about a world inhabited by legendary figures - think King Arthur or the biblical Job, or even Little Red Riding Hood - who have been affected by an arcane force of nature of sorts, called The Mist, that makes them live a more mundane life than this. It's rather like "The Matrix"'s namesake meets "Once Upon A Time", perhaps. Regardless of its inspiration, "City Of Mist" deals with a handful of these myths and legends contending with both their roles in their stories and the humdrum of everyday living. I'm game for this". Giaco Furino, for "TechRaptor", highlighted that ""City of Mist" takes an incredible idea and gives it player agency in its setting and gameplay. I really like the way the real world and the magical world are sort of tethered to each other, and playing the game means paying attention to both. You can't just go swinging Excalibur around all day, you've also got to make rent, and figure out what happened to that kidnapped kid, and call your mom for her birthday. If you like that sort of tension between the modern world and the mystical, then this game is absolutely going to hit the mark for you". Richard Jansen-Parkes, for the UK print magazine "Tabletop Gaming", wrote that "style and drama ooze from every page of this beautiful book. It takes a little more effort to crack than most story-driven games, but when things click it offers something truly special." Tomas Gimenez Rioja, for "Tribality", highlighted that "some mechanics [.] could need some improvements but are good enough to make the game, if played correctly, a very fun game." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016269 Basilica of Our Lady and Saint Anthony of Mafra The Basilica of Our Lady and Saint Anthony of Mafra is a Roman Catholic shrine and basilica located within the Palace of Mafra, Portugal. The shrine is dedicated to Our Lady (generic title) and Saint Anthony of Padua which once fostered religious devotion among the Portuguese nobility. The Basilica enshrines several Baroque artworks and Christian relics from various European kings collected in Portugal over the centuries. It also serves as the main headquarters the Royal and Venerable Confraternity of the Most Blessed Sacrament of Mafra. The basilica was designated as a "National Monument" in 1910. Since 7 July 2019, the basilica as part of other surroundings was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Pope Francis officially granted a decree of Pontifical coronation towards a venerated dolorous image of the Blessed Virgin Mary in 10 November 2020. This announcement was made public on 13 December 2020 with the Mafra carillons playing the Inno e Marcia Pontificale. The coronation is set to take place in 17 September 2023. History. The church is built in the form of a Latin cross with a length of 63 m. It is rather narrow (16.5 m), an impression accentuated by the height of its nave (21.5 m). The vestibule (Galilee porch) contains a group of large sculptures in Carrara marble, representing the patron saints of several monastic orders. The interior makes abundantly use of local rose-coloured marble, intermingled with white marble in different patterns. The multi-coloured designs of the floor are repeated on the ceiling. The barrel vault rests on fluted Corinthian semicolumns standing between the side chapels. The chapels in the transept contain altarpieces in jasper made by sculptors from the School of Mafra. The side aisles display 58 marble statues commissioned from the best Roman sculptors of their time. The Most Blessed Sacrament's chapel in the transept is screened from the crossing by iron railings with bronze ornaments, made in Antwerp. The choir has a magnificent giant candleholder with seven lamps sprouting from the mouth of seven rolled-up snakes. Above the main altar, inserting into the ceiling, is a gigantic jasper crucifix of 4.2 m, flanked by two kneeling angels, made by the School of Mafra. The cupola over the crossing was also inspired by the cupola of Sant'Agnese in Agone (by the Roman Baroque architect Francesco Borromini). This 70 m-high cupola with a small lantern atop, is carried by four finely sculpted arcs in rose and white marble. There are six organs, four of which are located in the transept, constituting a rather uncommon ensemble. There were built by Joaquim Peres Fontanes and Antonio Xavier Machado Cerveira between 1792 and 1807 (when the French troops occupied Mafra). They were made out of partially gilded Brazilian wood. The largest pipe is 6 m high and has a diameter of 0.28 m. King John V had commissioned liturgical vestments from master embroiderers from Genoa and Milan, such as Giuliano Saturni and Benedetto Salandri, and from France. They attest of superb quality and workmanship by their embroidering in gold technique and the use of silk thread in the same colour. Notable artwork. The religious paintings in the basilica and the convent constitute one of the most significant 18th century collections in Portugal. They include works by the Italians Agostino Masucci, Corrado Giaquinto, Francesco Trevisani, Pompeo Batoni and some Portuguese students in Rome such as Vieira Lusitano and Inacio de Oliveira Bernardes. The sculpture collection contains works by almost every major Roman sculptor from the first half of the 18th century. At that time, it represented the biggest single order done by a foreign power in Rome and still is amongst the biggest collections in existence. Instituitions. The catholic parish of Mafra and the Royal and Venerable Confraternity of the Most Blessed Sacrament of Mafra (Portuguese: "Real e Veneravel Irmandade do Santissimo Sacramento de Mafra") have their headquarters in the Basilica. On 10 November 2020, Pope Francis granted a canonical coronation to the image of Our Lady of Solitude of the basilica, guarded by the Confraternity of the Most Blessed Sacrament. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016293 Godfrey Onyeka Godfrey Onyeka (born May 23, 1994) is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League (CFL). University career. Onyeka played U Sports football for the Wilfrid Laurier Golden Hawks from 2014 to 2017. He was a member of the Golden Hawks 2016 Yates Cup championship team and was a three-time U Sports First Team All-Canadian after winning the award in 2015, 2016, and 2017. Professional career. Edmonton Eskimos. In the CFL Scouting Bureau's Final Rankings, Onyeka was named the 10th best player available in the 2018 CFL Draft. In alignment with his ranking, he was selected with the 10th overall pick in the draft by the Edmonton Eskimos and signed with the team on May 16, 2018. He made the team's roster following training camp and played in the team's season opening game on June 14, 2018, against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. In his rookie year, he played in nine games where he made two defensive tackles. In 2019, Onyeka played in all 18 regular season games where he recorded three defensive tackles and 13 special teams tackles. He also played in his first two post-season games, against the Montreal Alouettes in the Semi-Final and then the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in the Division Final, where he posted three defensive tackles and one special teams tackle over the two games. He did not play in 2020 due to the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season and he became a free agent on February 9, 2021. Saskatchewan Roughriders. On the first day of free agency, on February 9, 2021, Onyeka signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders. He made a career-high eight defensive tackles against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on September 11, 2021, in the Banjo Bowl. Personal life. Onyeka was born in Lagos, Nigeria to parents Jane and Godfrey Onyeka Sr. He moved with his family to Canada when he was 11 years old and grew up in Brampton, Ontario. His younger brother, Kene Onyeka, plays professionally in the CFL as a defensive lineman. His cousin, Nakas Onyeka, plays linebacker and was drafted by the Toronto Argonauts, and his other cousin, Kosi Onyeka, plays linebacker for the Guelph Gryphons. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016302 Skopje East Gate Skopje East Gate (Macedonian: "Skopje ist gejt"), simply known as East Gate, is a mixed-development project incorporating a shopping and entertainment center, a residential complex and an office park based in Skopje, North Macedonia. It is located about 3 kilometers east from the center of Skopje. The shopping and entertainment center called East Gate Mall, opened on October 29 and by far is the largest shopping mall in North Macedonia, and the third largest overall in the region of the Balkans. Overview. Skopje East Gate's total area is , of which are reserved for the residential area consisting of 627 residential units, for the shopping and entertainment center "East Gate Mall", for the business office area and for green area consisting of parks. This project was announced in 2017 by Balfin Group CEO Samir Mane. On June 1, 2018, in an event in which the Prime Minister of North Macedonia Zoran Zaev, Samir Mane and other political and business figures took place, it was announced that the project will be finished during the fall in 2021 and would be an investment of 350 million euros, by far the largest foreign investment ever in North Macedonia. East Gate Living. East Gate Living is the residential complex part of Skopje East Gate with an area of consisting of four buildings and for the green area. The four residential buildings are located with a distance of between one-another, with 20 floorplans. The four residential buildings offer 672 residential units, with apartments ranging from . East Gate Mall. East Gate Mall (Macedonian: Ist gejt mol) also known as East Gate Shopping is the largest shopping mall in Skopje, with a total retail area of and 2000 parking places. East Gate Mall is a five floor building and it has over 220 international and local shopping brands, a hypermarket, electronics shops and other services. It also has the gastronomy area with multiple choices of cuisines and over 800 seats. The mall also has five Cafe Avenues, a fitness center, a video playground and 8 Cineplexx Cinemas theatres. In East Gate Shopping are located world known brands like Zara (retailer), Calvin Klein (fashion house), Tommy Hilfiger (company), Bershka, Adidas, Nike, istyle, Kiko Milano, Massimo Dutti, OYSHO, Stradivarius. East Gate Mall also debuted 40 new brands in the Macedonian shopping lifestyle like Twinset, Patrizia Pepe, Valentino (fashion house), Burberry, Armani, DSquared2, Mango, Philipp Plein, Michael Kors, etc. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016366 Maretarium The Maretarium (officially Kotka Maretarium) is a public aquarium opened in Kotka, Finland in 2002, located on the shores of the Sapokanlahti bay. It is focused on the presentation of Finnish fish species and water bodies. There are about 60 native and permanent fish species from Finland. The Maretarium has a total of 22 themed aquariums, the largest of which is the Baltic Sea Pool. It has four windows, one of which is the high glass wall of the Meriteatteri maritime theater. The cylindrical basin holds about 500,000 liters of water. The Maretarium was created in co-operation between the City of Kotka, the University of Helsinki and the Game and Fisheries Research Institute (). In addition to aquariums, there are also facilities for researchers and a nature school. The house also has the Meri Cafe Kristina coffeehouse and a souvenir store. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016384 2020 Henry Ford Health System 200 The 2020 Henry Ford Health System 200 was the 11th stock car racing of the 2020 NASCAR Gander RV #amp; Outdoors Truck Series season, and the 21st iteration of the event. The race was held on August 7, 2020 in Brooklyn, Michigan at Michigan International Speedway, a two-mile (3.2 km) permanent moderate-banked D-shaped speedway. The race was extended from 100 laps to 107 due to multiple NASCAR overtime attempts. After a chaotic ending that saw the leader spinning on the last lap, Zane Smith of GMS Racing would survive the carnage of the day and win his first ever NASCAR Gander RV #amp; Outdoors Truck Series race. To fill the podium, Christian Eckes of Kyle Busch Motorsports and Tanner Gray of DGR-Crosley finished second and third, respectively. Background. The race was held at Michigan International Speedway, a two-mile (3.2 km) moderate-banked D-shaped speedway located in Brooklyn, Michigan. The track is used primarily for NASCAR events. It is known as a "sister track" to Texas World Speedway as MIS's oval design was a direct basis of TWS, with moderate modifications to the banking in the corners, and was used as the basis of Auto Club Speedway. The track is owned by International Speedway Corporation. Michigan International Speedway is recognized as one of motorsports' premier facilities because of its wide racing surface and high banking (by open-wheel standards; the 18-degree banking is modest by stock car standards). Qualifying. Qualifying was determined by a random draw. Chandler Smith of Kyle Busch Motorsports would draw the pole. Race results. Stage 1 Laps: 20 Stage 2 Laps: 20 Stage 3 Laps: 67 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016386 1994 Indiana State Sycamores football team The 1994 Indiana State Sycamores football team represented Indiana State University during the 1994 NCAA Division I-AA football season as a member of the Gateway Football Conference (GFC). Led by 15th-year coach Dennis Raetz, the Sycamores compiled an overall record of 5-6 and a mark of 2-4 in conference play, placing fifth in the GFC. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016411 Becca Hatch Rebecca Hatch, known by her stage name Becca Hatch, is an Australian musician and singer-songwriter from Sydney, Australia. She signed to "Forever Ever Records", a joint venture label between Australian hip hop host Hau Latukefu and Sony Music Australia. in February 2021. Hatch was the winner of Triple J's Unearthed High Indigenous Initiative in 2017. She performed a cover version of John Farnham's "Burn for You" for Triple J's "Like a Version". Her song "Please U" (feat. Planet Vegeta) received full rotation on Triple J. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016431 Those Who Run in the Sky Those Who Run in the Sky is a middle-grade fantasy novel by Aviaq Johnston, published March 8, 2017 by Inhabit Media. The novel is the first in the series, followed by "Those Who Dwell Below." The book has an English edition, as well as an Inuktitut edition. Reception. "Those Who Run in the Sky" received starred reviews from "Kirkus Reviews", as well as positive reviews from "CM: Canadian Review of Materials", "Medium," and "Foreword Reviews". The book also received the following accolades: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016440 Arakhley (lake) Arakhley (; ) is a fresh water body in the Chita District, Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia. It is the 208th lake in Russia in water surface. The villages of Arakhley and Preobrazhenka are located near the lakeshore. Arakhley is a locally well-known tourist destination and there are a number of resorts by the lake. Lake Arakhley is located within the Ivano-Arakhley State Natural Landscape Reserve, a protected area of regional significance created in 1995, covering an area of . Geography. Arakhley lake has a roughly oval shape. It is located in the Beklemishev Depression, at the southeastern end of the Vitim Plateau, west of Chita, Zabaykalsky Krai and lake Kenon. It is separated from neighboring Lake Shaksha by a low, wide landspit. It is part of the Ivan-Arakhley Lake System (), which includes 6 large lakes and about 20 smaller ones. Arakhley is the largest of the group and it is also the lake having the greatest depth. There are two small rivers flowing into the lake, the Domka and the Gryaznukha, also known as Shaborta. The Kholoy stream flows out of the lake into Lake Shaksha. The catchment area of the lake belongs to the Khilok river basin, a tributary of the Selenga. Flora and fauna. The lake is surrounded by larch taiga, interspersed with areas of forest steppe and meadows. In the waters there are aquatic plants. The water of the lake is fresh and the main fish species in it are roach, perch, dace, pike, chebak, "bulus", minnow, crucian carp, peled, bream, carp and catfish. The fauna of the lake has suffered degradation in the past few decades and commercial fisheries have declined. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016464 Warren S. Snow Warren Stone Snow was an American militia general, Mormon Pioneer and missionary who was Captain of the Warren S. Snow company and a main American commander in the Black Hawk War. Biography. Snow was born on June 15, 1821 as the son of Gardner Snow and Sarah Hastings in Chesterfield, New Hampshire. They later moved in 1822 to St. Johnsbury, Vermont and later on in November 20, 1833, Snow was baptized by Roswell Evans at the age of 15. He later became a Mormon Pioneer as he began migrating westward with the members of the Church and his family as he lived in Kirtland, Ohio for two years and later moved again to Adam-ondi-Ahman in 1838 and finally in late 1839, moved to Illinois. In 1841 he was married to Mary Ann Voorhees in Lima Township, Adams County and had seven children. He was soon endowed in the Nauvoo Temple along with his wife on January 6, 1846. Snow and his family then moved to Pottawattamie County, Iowa and began moving even further westwards and arrived to the Utah Territory in 1852 and moved to Manti and soon became Bishop of the town. He would then oversee all settlements within Sanpete County. Snow then married his second wife, Sarah Elizabeth Whiting in April 1857 and had two more children. In 1861, Snow was called for a mission to England and later returned in 1864 being captain of the emigrates of the mission. Snow was then called to assist the Mormon settlers in the Black Hawk War as a band of settlers commanded by Reddick Allred were repulsed and Snow was called to take over during the emergency. Too afraid to go back to the canyon to retrieve the bodies, Snow persuaded Sanpitch, a Sanpete Valley Chief to scout Salina Canyon for them so the settlers could retrieve the bodies of the two young men. When Sanpitch returned with word that Black Hawk had gone over the pass into Castle Valley, the Legion returned to the canyon and brought back the dead: Jens Sorenson who had been terribly mutilated, and William Kearnes, the son of the Mormon bishop of Gunnison, who had been carefully protected. They also came back convinced that Sanpitch had met with Black Hawk and sent him over the pass, implying that Chief Sanpitch was the architect of the whole affair. On July 15, Colonel Warren S. Snow was promoted to Brigadier General and was the main commander of the Mormon militia and minutemen. The war would later be in favor of the Mormons as the Native Americans surrendered in 1872. Snow later died in September 21, 1896 in Manti and was buried in Manti Cemetery. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016475 Alexandro-Nevskoye, Republic of Dagestan Alexandro-Nevskoye () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,619 as of 2010. There are 28 streets. Geography. Alexandro-Nevskoye is located 25 km south of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novokrestyanovskoye is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016510 Kalinovka, Republic of Dagestan Kalinovka () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Kalinovsky Selsoviet, Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,805 as of 2010. There are 16 streets. Geography. Kalinovka is located 16 km south of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Karabagly is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016528 Kuybyshevo, Republic of Dagestan Kuybyshevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Kalinovsky Selsoviet, Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 36 as of 2010. Geography. Kuybyshevo is located 24 km southwest of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tarumovka is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016529 Santa Maria degli Angeli, Acireale Santa Maria degli Angeli, also known as the Chiesa dei Capucini is a Roman Catholic parish church located in central Acireale in the region of Sicily of Italy. The church is attached to a former Franciscan-Capuchin convent, which now serves as offices for the comune. History and Description. The exterior and interior architecture of the church is extremely plain and has always been so. The church was built a few years after the convent, in 1574, and enlarged in 1640. Damaged severely by the 1693 earthquake, it was rebuilt. In the church the main altarpiece depicts an "Enthroned Madonna"' (1661) by Giacinto Platania. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016537 Koktyubey Koktyubey () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 665 as of 2010. There are 19 streets. Geography. Koktyubey is located 34 km northeast of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Talovka is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016547 Kochubey, Republic of Dagestan Kochubey () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 7,272 as of 2010. There are 35 streets. Geography. Kochubey is located 38 km north of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Talovka is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016554 Road Runner, Texas Road Runner is a town in Cooke County, Texas, United States. Incorporated in 2017, the town had a population of 766 at the 2020 census. Geography. Road Runner is located along Farm to Market Road 922, approximately east of Valley View, south of Gainesville and northwest of Pilot Point in southeastern Cooke County. The Elm Fork of the Trinity River and Persimmon Creek meet and flow into Lake Ray Roberts immediately west of the town. History. Originally known as Pioneer Valley, it was developed as a private community managed by the Pioneer Valley Association (PVA). Residents paid annual dues and were eligible to vote for a Board of Directors. Maintenance of infrastructure was largely the responsibility of the PVA and growing dissatisfaction over deteriorating conditions sparked talks of incorporation as far back as 2007 and 2008, but it wasn't until 2017 that the proposal was put to a vote. A total of 128 votes were cast in the November 7, 2017 election. 74 residents (57.8%) voted in favor of incorporating the Town of Road Runner as a Type C General-Law municipality with 54 (42.2%) opposed. Residents were also given the option of choosing town officials in the event that incorporation measure passed. There were two candidates for Mayor and three candidates competed for the two Commissioner positions. In the mayoral race, David Koenig Ortega Jr. defeated James Dale Chaffin, 75 votes to 50. In the Commissioners race, voters had the option of endorsing none, one, or two of the three candidates. Theodore John Howard received 75 votes, followed by Leon Franklin Noel Jr. with 69 and 39 for David Eugene Norris. Howard and Noel Jr. were elected as Commissioners. Education. The Pilot Point Independent School District serves Road Runner. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016559 Imunny Imunny () is a rural locality (a selo) in Novogeorgiyevsky Selsoviet, Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 361 as of 2010. There are 6 streets. Geography. Imunny is located 28 km west of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Arslanbek is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016578 Montemaria Shrine The Montemaria International Pilgrimage #amp; Conference Center simply known as Montemaria is a township and Roman Catholic pilgrimage site in Batangas City, Batangas, Philippines. It is the site of the Mother of All Asia - Tower of Peace, the tallest statue of the Virgin Mary in the world. History. The site of Montemaria, was originally a project of Mary Mother of the Poor Foundation of Roman Catholic priest Fernando Suarez. Suarez got the idea of developing a pilgrimage site from Hermilando Mandanas, a local politician and acquaintance whom he met in 2006, where the priest could perform his faith healing work. Mandanas' company, Abacore Capital Holdings, Inc., donated the five-hectare land in Barangay Pagkilatan where the statue and the proposed pilgrimage site would stand, which would later be called Montemaria. Initially progress for the project was made in 2009 after Suarez's foundation was able to raise . But in the following year, the project was later put on hold after Suarez moved to Cavite, where San Miguel Corporation (SMC) offered him a 33-hectare land in the town of Alfonso where he could set up a bigger pilgrimage site. Suarez ran a pilgrimage site in Cavite until development of the area was stopped in 2014 due to challenges of Suarez's foundation in fulfilling conditions of its donation agreement with the SMC. The associated property was returned to SMC. Mandanas continued the Montemaria project in Batangas City and established the Montemaria Asia Pilgrims Inc. (MAPI) to help him manage the Montemaria development. The Montemaria property was later set for donation to MAPI but such plans were canceled and the land was donated to the Archdiocese of Lipa instead. Facilities. The first building built at the Montemaria Shrine is the Santo Nino Chapel, a replica of the Church of Our Lady Victorious in Prague, prior to the 2010s. A colossal statue of the Virgin Mary was originally part of the plan for Montemaria when Suarez was still involved in the project. Construction work for the statue, now known as the Mother of All Asia - Tower of Peace began in 2014 and was completed by 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016626 E11Even Miami E11EVEN Miami is a multilevel nightclub located in downtown Miami. The night club was opened February 5, 2014. History. Construction of E11EVEN Miami was completed in 2013, and it was first opened to the public on February 5, 2014. Ventures. Housing. In 2021, the club ventured into residential housing. Cryptocurrency. On January 18, 2018, the North American Bitcoin Conference chose the strip club to host the conference. The decision to use the venue was widely criticized by a few women who attended. Some women abstained from attending altogether. On April 13, 2021, E11Even Miami became the first nightclub to accept Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Notable attendees. The night club has been noted for hosting several high profile patrons. In August 2016, Drake and Rihanna were spotted kissing at the club. According to "TMZ", in February 2020, Post Malone reportedly gave away $50,000 in singles to the crowd inside of E11Even Miami. On September 25, 2021, G-Eazy was spotted in 11Even Miami after his public break up with singer Halsey. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016634 2021-22 Pro Kabaddi League season The 2021-22 Vivo Pro Kabaddi League is the eighth season of Pro Kabaddi League. The season began on 22 December 2021. The usual travelling caravan format was changed to a single venue hosting all the matches of the season. Kanteerava Indoor Stadium, Bangalore was initially announced as the venue, but was later changed to the Sheraton Grand Hotel and Convention Center located in Whitefield, Bangalore. Each team will play against all the other teams twice, and the top 6 teams will proceed to the play-offs. The player auctions for the season were conducted from August 29 to 31, 2021 in Mumbai. Viewership. This year PKL will be missing LIVE audiences and will shed the caravan style format. Instead, all teams will play at a single location in Bengaluru. Looking back at IPL last year, media planners suggest that format changes will have little to no impact on the viewership of the tournament. Mashal Sports has also announced that triple headers will be played on all Saturdays which may have a positive impact on the viewership over weekends. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016718 Acapulco Film Festival The Acapulco Film Festival () was a film festival held in Acapulco, Mexico, annually from 1959 to 1968 and once more in 1987, with a precursor event held in Mexico City in 1958. The festival showcased both Mexican and international films, and in its heyday attracted an array of entertainment industry figures, particularly those from Hollywood in the United States, as well as European cinema. An unrelated film festival, the , or FICA, was founded in Acapulco in 2006. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016754 2021 Women's Ric Charlesworth Classic The 2021 Women's Ric Charlesworth Classic was the 2nd edition of the women's Ric Charlesworth Classic, an Australian field hockey competition organised by Hockey WA. It was held from 5-14 March 2021 in Perth, Australia. The Breakers won the tournament for the first time, defeating the Outbacks 4-1 in the final. The Suns finished in third place, defeating the Highlanders 3-1 in the third place playoff. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016801 Matteo Piccardo Matteo Piccardo (born 28 February 2000) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a left back for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932, on loan from Genoa. Club career. Born in Genoa, Piccardo was formed as a player in Genoa C.F.C. Youth system. After his promotion to the first team in 2020, he was loaned to Serie C club Pergolettese. International career. Piccardo was a young international for Italy. Convocazioni Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio FIGC Italia U19 14/ago/2018 - 18 anni Italia U18 02/set/2017 - 17 anni Italia U16 22/ott/2015 - 15 anni References. 4. https://www.pianetagenoa1893.net/tag/matteo-piccardo/ 5. https://genova.repubblica.it/cronaca/2020/12/09/news/la_favola_di_piccardo_ragazzo_di_san_fruttuoso-277596429/ 6. https://www.lanazione.it/massa-carrara/calcio/entra-il-baby-piccardo-e-manda-al-tappeto-la-carrarese-vince-2-1-la-pergolettese-1.5788474 7. https://www.buoncalcioatutti.it/2019/06/05/genoa-primavera-piccardo-ho-dato-tutto-per-questa-maglia-la-mia-maglia-foto/ 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016820 Saving Pushkin Saving Pushkin, also known as Saving Legacy () is a 2021 Russian war drama film directed by Igor Ugolnikov. The main roles were played by Sergey Bezrukov and Nastassja Kerbengen. It was released on October 21, 2021 by Sony Pictures Productions and Releasing (SPPR). Plot. The film is set in 1944 at the Mikhaylovskoye Museum Reserve in the village of Mikhailovskoye. Some of the local residents became a partisan, another began to cooperate with the invaders, and left-handed Sergey did not choose any side and decided to just wait. Suddenly, a professor of literature, Maria Schiller, arrives from Germany. She tells the Wehrmacht soldiers and local residents about Alexander Pushkin. Meanwhile, an order comes from Berlin - to remove all historical values from the village. Production. The distribution of Ugolnikov's picture is handled by the Russian film company Sony Pictures Productions and Releasing (SPPR), which has released films such as "Petrov's Flu" on the big screens. Filming. Principal photography took place in 2019 on the territory of Pushkinskiye Gory. The authorities of the Pskov Oblast provided direct assistance in choosing locations for the film. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016824 Maserati 4-cylinder F1 engine Maserati has made three inline-4 racing engines designed for Formula One. Their first engine was the supercharged "4CLT" engine in ; with the with the 1.5 L engine configuration imposed by the FIA for engines with forced induction. Their second engine was the naturally-aspirated "250S" engine; with the 2.5 L engine configuration, and was used by Cooper and JBW. Their third and final engine was the naturally-aspirated "Tipo 6-1500"; with the 1.5 L engine configuration, and the customer engine was used by Cooper, Emeryson, Lotus, and E.N.B. teams. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016844 Clem Tillion Clement Vincent Tillion Jr. (July 3, 1925 - October 13, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1963 to 1975 and the Senate from 1975 to 1981. He was the Senate president from 1979 to 1981. He served in the United States Navy during World War Two as a Seabee. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016851 Aili Nurminen Aili Linnea Nurminen (16 July 1896, Pori - 27 November 1972, Barcelona) was a Finnish meteorologist who specialized in fog and cloud conditions and was a pioneer of the country's aviation meteorology efforts. She worked for the Finnish Meteorological Institute from 1926 to 1963. Life and work. Born into the family of Juho Frans Nurminen, a tailor from Pori, Finland, Aili Nurminen graduated from Pori Girls' High School in 1918 and then studied at the University of Helsinki, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1927. Nurminen went on o complete her Master's degree and worked at the Central Institute of Meteorology as an acting assistant until she was appointed in December 1936 to the post of aeronautical meteorologist at the special aeronautical weather station at Malmi Airport in Helsinki. The new aeronautical weather service was needed, among other things, for the more accurate weather forecasts required by the new night flight operations at Malmi Airport. Nurminen took an active role in developing the fledgling field of Finnish aviation meteorology. On a study trip to Sweden and Germany in 1936, she learned lessons that were applied not only by the Finnish Meteorological Institute but also by the Finnish Air Force. New observation equipment was purchased for Malmi from Germany, and Nurminen learned to use it even though she was working in a world previously dominated by men. In 1937, Parliament provided funding for the post of aeronautical meteorologist, and in 1938, Nurminen became Finland's first chief meteorologist. Thanks to Nurminen, teletypewriters were introduced at Finnish air weather stations as early as 1939 (the Post and Telegraph Company did not open its own teletypewriter service until after World War II in 1946). During Finland's Winter War with the Soviet Union (1939-1940), Nurminen worked as a meteorologist at Vaasa Airport, and during the following Continuation War from 1941 to 1942, she worked at Pori Airport, where there was a large German base at the time. Nurminen was considered so skilled that, for example, she was contacted from Stockholm, Sweden, in bad weather to ask whether aircraft could be sent safely to Finland. In 1950, she was described as having conducted "special studies in cloud and fog conditions" when she toured weather facilities in the United States for six months and conferred with fellow aeronautical meteorologists. In 1955, Nurminen earned her PhD and became the "first woman in the world to obtain a doctorate in meteorology." She is also considered to be the country's first internationally acclaimed female researcher in technical sciences. In 1959, she was elected Woman of the Year by the Finnish Business and Officials Association. Nurminen died at the age of 76 while on holiday in Barcelona. In her honor, the Finnish Cultural Foundation created the Aili Nurminen Fund to support doctoral research by the country's women scientists in the fields of physics and meteorology. Selected publications. In addition to her doctoral thesis, Nurminen published more than 30 scientific papers. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016854 Michele Ferrara Michele Ferrara (born 13 May 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. After five seasons in Monopoli, on 15 September 2020 Ferrara joined Serie C club Pergolettese. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016856 Tetratheca labillardierei Tetratheca labillardierei is a species of plant in the quandong family that is endemic to Australia. Description. The species grows as a compact, erect shrub to 100 cm in height. The leaves are 2-20 mm long and usually less than 5 mm wide. The solitary or paired, deep lilac-pink flowers have petals 6-11 mm long, appearing from October to January. Distribution and habitat. The plants grow in heath and sclerophyll forest, from the Budawang Range of south-eastern New South Wales southwards into Victoria and Tasmania. References. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016862 Apollon (Norwegian magazine) Apollon is a Norwegian language quarterly research-oriented popular science magazine published by the University of Oslo. The title of the magazine is the Norwegian word for Apollo. Full title is "Apollon: forskningsmagasin fra Universitetet i Oslo" ("Apollon: Science and research magazine from the University of Oslo" in English). History and profile. "Apollon" was launched in 1991. The magazine is one of the publications of the University of Oslo which is published on a quarterly basis. The magazine features articles about research findings by the scholars working at the university. Its target audience includes academics, teachers, students, politicians and those who are interested in scientific research. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016889 Medea (2021 film) Medea () is a 2021 Russian drama film directed by . It is scheduled to be theatrically released on 4 November 2021. The film has been officially invited in 'Harbour' section at the 51st International Film Festival Rotterdam to be held from January 26 to February 6, 2022. Plot. The film tells about a woman who is trapped as a result of too high a price for happiness and wants revenge. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016912 Gulf Star Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year The Gulf Star Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year was an annual basketball award given to the Gulf Star Conference's most outstanding player. The award was bestowed just three times (1985-1987) coinciding with the NCAA Division II conference's short existence. The Gulf Star operated from 1984-85 to 1986-87. During this time, the regular season men's basketball champions were Southeastern Louisiana (1985), Sam Houston State (1986), and Stephen F, Austin (1987). With the exception of Southeastern Louisiana in 1985, the regular season champions also had the Gulf Star Players of the Year on their squads: Lorenzo Duncan (Sam Houston State) in 1986 and Eric Rhodes (Stephen F. Austin) in 1987. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016978 Kanta, Raebareli Kanta is a village in Chhatoh block of Rae Bareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 38 km from Raebareli, the district headquarters. As of 2011, Kanta has a population of 2,004 people, in 311 households. It has one primary school and no healthcare facilities, and it hosts a weekly haat but not a permanent market. It belongs to the nyaya panchayat of Hajipur. The 1951 census recorded Kanta as comprising 8 hamlets, with a total population of 684 people (337 male and 347 female), in 138 households and 126 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 729 acres. 24 residents were literate, all male. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Rokha and the thana of Nasirabad. The 1961 census recorded Kanta as comprising 8 hamlets, with a total population of 689 people (360 male and 329 female), in 138 households and 137 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 729 acres. The 1981 census recorded Kanta as having a population of 1,042 people, in 230 households, and having an area of 287.33 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice. The 1991 census recorded Kanta as having a total population of 1,282 people (672 male and 610 female), in 220 households and 219 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 288 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 238, or 18.6% of the total; this group was 50% male (118) and 50% female (120). Members of scheduled castes made up 26.9% of the village's population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 24% (253 men and 49 women). 347 people were classified as main workers (343 men and 4 women), while 0 people were classified as marginal workers; the remaining 935 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 229 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 107 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 0 workers in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 0 household industry workers; 0 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 0 construction workers; 3 employed in trade and commerce; 0 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 8 in other services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016981 More volnuetsya raz More volnuetsya raz () is a 2021 Russian drama film directed by Nikolay Khomeriki. The film received the grand prize of the "Kinotavr" festival in 2021. It is scheduled to be theatrically released on November 4, 2021. Plot. The film tells about Kolya and Sasha, who are in love with each other, who are hiding in an old house in the forest. And suddenly they meet a mysterious married couple who are similar to them, and they want to understand themselves with their help. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016991 Emily Yacina Emily Yacina is an American musician from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. History. Yacina first began her career in 2011, releasing an album titled "Flood". Also in 2011, Yacina released her second full-length album titled "Reverie". In 2013, Yacina released her second full-length album titled "Bloom". Yacina released her first two EPs in December 2015. The first, titled "Pull Through", was released in January. The second, titled "Soft Stuff", was released in December. Yacina released a five song EP in September 2016 called "Nice Try". In 2017, Yacina got a job working at an environmental nonprofit in Fairbanks, Alaska. During her time working there, she wrote and recorded her third full-length album titled "Heart Sky". Yacina released a three-song EP titled "Katie" in early 2018. Yacina's fourth full-length album, "Remember The Silver", was released in December 2019. In addition to being a solo artist, Yacina is also a frequent collaborator with the musician Alex G. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69016992 Nadav Eyal Nadav Asher Eyal (; born March 6, 1979) is an Israeli journalist and commentator, who served as a foreign news editor for Channel 13. He is the author of the book "Revolt: The Worldwide Uprising Against Globalization" (2021). Early life. Eyal was born on 1979 in England and grew up in Pardes Hanna, Israel. His father Rafi participated as an IDF paratrooper officer in the Operation Spring of Youth and received the Medal of Distinguished Service for his heroism. During his youth, Eyal served as a guide in the Scout group. He graduated from the Faculty of Law of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Journalism career. In 1997, he enlisted in the Army Radio and served as reporter in the West Bank. He later served as reporter and editor for Army Radio. Eyal joined Channel 10 when it was founded in 2002, and served as a political and political correspondent. Following his appointment, Israeli newspaper "Haaretz" noted that Eyal was the youngest political correspondent in the Israeli television. In 2003, he joined "Maariv" and served as a political correspondent. In 2005, he was appointed as political commentator. Eyal covered the Israeli elections in 1999, 2001, 2003 and 2006. At the same time, he worked with the Army Radio. In 2007, Eyal moved to London to study after receiving a scholarship from the British Foreign Office. He earned a master's degree from the London School of Economics in global politics. From 2008, he served as the European correspondent and special missions reporter for "Maariv". While in these positions, he covered the 2008 Mumbai attacks, 2008 US presidential election and the trial of John Demjanjuk. In addition, he served as a regular publicist in the newspaper's opinion section. In March 2010, he was appointed Channel 10's foreign news editor. In February 2011, about six months before the start of the Israeli social justice protests, he began publishing a series of large-scale articles in Maariv that dealt with the middle class, the political system in Israel and centralization in the Israeli economy. In January 2012 , he was chosen by Globes newspaper as one of the 100 most influential people in the media of 2011, due to what was defined as his part in "fueling the social protests." In October 2014, Channel 10 aired Eyal's documentary "Hate: A Journey to the Dark Heart of Racism", which documented the recent rise of anti-semitism in Europe. From May 2014, Eyal wrote monthly commentary section for Liberal magazine. From August 2016, Eyal published opinion articles on "Yedioth Ahronoth". That same year, he published a series of expansion articles that covered fault lines in American society and examined the possibility of victory for Donald Trump in the 2016 US presidential election. In 2017, he won the Sokolov Prize "for outstanding achievements in the field of in-depth articles in the electronic media". During the COVID-19 pandemic, Eyal examined the spread of COVID-19 from the beginning, and the scope and systematic nature of the information and research activities on the subject which he posted on Twitter, as part of his work with Channel 13. He also promoted a medical policy in which patients infected with COVID-19 would be separated from their families and the number of laboratory tests in COVID-19 would be increased, a model used similarly in South Korea. In November 2020, he announced that he would leave his position as foreign news editor at Channel 13. He began serving as a commentator and senior columnist for "Yedioth Ahronoth", while at the same time continuing to serve as a commentator on Channel 13. Personal life. Eyal is married to Channel 13 news anchor Tamar Ish-Shalom. They have three children (two daughters and one son). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017018 Kenya Army Artillery Brigade This is the Kenya Army formation dedicated towards providing artillery support to infantry and mechanized units in the army. Overview. The Kenya Army Artillery Brigade consists of four artillery battalions with one dedicated to air defence. This brigade is made up of 66 Artillery Battalion, 75 Artillery Battalion, 77 Artillery Battalion and 8 Artillery Battalion. The Artillery Brigade is equipped predominantly with the L118 Light Gun but recent acquisitions have been made consisting of the Nora B-52 which is Kenya's first self-propelled gun and the M119A2 which is the American version of the 105mm Light Gun. The Brigade has its main headquarters in Isiolo but the various formations are found in various other garrisons across the country. The School of Artillery formed in 1966 is where all artillerymen of the Kenya Army undergo specialized training after completing their basic training at the Recruits Training School in Eldoret. The school is based at Archers Post having been relocated there from Gilgil in 1983. 66 Artillery Battalion. The oldest unit is the 66 Artillery Battalion which was first mooted in 1964 but was formed on November 29, 1966 hence given the name '66' to denote the year it was formed. The first battery consisted of 120mm Tampella mortars which were acquired from Israel and the first ceremonial firing was done on top of Menengai Crater. The mortar unit was known as the First Mortar Battery and in 1975 more mortars were acquired which led to the formation of C troop. The First Battery was detached from 66 Artillery Battalion and was assigned under the command of 'Headquarter Artillery Brigade'. 75 Artillery Battalion. '75' denotes the year the first air defence guns were acquired by the Kenya Army. 2 Battery which was then under 66 Artillery Battalion was integrated into the Kenya Air Force Ground Air Defence Unit in September 1978. In 1982 elements of the Kenya Air Force failed in their coup attempt and GADU was disbanded following the resulting purge. This led to equipment and elements being transferred into the Kenya Army. At present the unit is a fully-fledged Air Defence Battalion based in Embakasi Garrison. 77 Artillery Battalion. The unit was transferred from Naivasha to Mombasa in 1979 and it was the result of a plan mooted in 1977 to form a second field artillery unit hence the assigned '77'. The battalion was based in Nyali Barracks from 1979-1989 when it was relocated to Mariakani Barracks. It is believed that Kenya's first self-propelled artillery guns were assigned to this field unit and were spotted with this unit in southern Somalia. 8 Artillery Battalion. It was established at Larisoro, Isiolo County on 27 April 2018. During the handing over ceremony newer field guns of the Kenya Army were spotted including the Nora B-52 self-propelled gun. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017026 2021-22 Adelaide Strikers WBBL season The 2021-22 Adelaide Strikers Women's season was the seventh in the team's history. Coached by Luke Williams and captained by Tahlia McGrath, the Strikers ended the regular season of WBBL07 in fourth place, qualifying for the knockout stage of the tournament. They proceeded to defeat the Brisbane Heat and the Melbourne Renegades in sudden death encounters to book a place in the Final against the Perth Scorchers at Perth Stadium on 27 November 2021. In the championship decider, the Strikers were defeated by 12 runs, resulting in their second runners-up finish in three seasons. Squad. Each 2021-22 squad was made up of 15 active players. Teams could sign up to five 'marquee players', with a maximum of three of those from overseas. Marquees were defined as any overseas player, or a local player who holds a Cricket Australia national contract at the start of the WBBL|07 signing period. Personnel changes made ahead of the season included: Squad details during the season included: The table below lists the Strikers players and their key stats (including runs scored, batting strike rate, wickets taken, economy rate, catches and stumpings) for the season. Fixtures. "All times are local" 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017033 Freeman, Washington Freeman is an unincorporated community in Spokane County, Washington, United States. It is notable as being the location of the public elementary, middle and high schools serving a large area of rural southeast Spokane County. Geography. State Route 27 runs through Freeman, connecting it with Spokane Valley, about ten miles to the north, and the rest of the Spokane area. To the south, State Route 27 connects Freeman with numerous other small towns on the Palouse. Freeman itself is located on the northern edge of the Palouse farming region, with its gentle rolling hills giving way to the foothills of the Selkirk Mountains a few miles north and east of Freeman. Mica Peak and its foothills rise immediately to the east and Krell Hill with its TV towers are visible about five miles to the northwest. Little Cottonwood Creek, an ephemeral tributary of Latah Creek, flows from the slopes of Mica Peak and along the southeastern edge of the community. Farmland surrounds the community on all sides, with homes spaced well apart. The community itself is dominated by three schools: Freeman Elementary School, Freeman Middle School and Freeman High School. There are also grain elevators and a market on State Route 27 at Freeman. History. Washington Brick and Lime, headquartered a few miles to the north in Mica, had a plant in Freeman in the late 1800s. Around the turn of the century a number of businesses opened in Freeman. None remain in business today, but the site of the C.P. Thomas Mercantile and Post Office is now the location of Freeman Market, a small market and restaurant located at the turnoff from State Route 27. Freeman named for Freeman W. Freeman, a telegraph operator at the community's railroad station. The Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad ran through the community. On September 13, 2017, a school shooting at Freeman High School resulted in the death of one student and injuries to three others. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017036 Atawan Atawan is a village in Dih block of Rae Bareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 32 km from Raebareli, the district headquarters. As of 2011, it has a population of 2,108 people, in 346 households. It has one primary school and no healthcare facilities, and it does not host a permanent market or a weekly haat. It is the headquarters of a nyaya panchayat, which also includes 9 other villages. The 1951 census recorded Atawan as comprising 5 hamlets, with a total population of 793 people (419 male and 374 female), in 163 households and 159 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 886 acres. 22 residents were literate, all male. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Parshadepur and the thana of Nasirabad. The 1961 census recorded Atawan as comprising 5 hamlets, with a total population of 670 people (368 male and 302 female), in 158 households and 143 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 886 acres and it had electricity at that point. The 1981 census recorded Atawan as having a population of 1,282 people, in 273 households, and having an area of 358.56 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice. The 1991 census recorded Atawan as having a total population of 1,456 people (739 male and 717 female), in 372 households and 372 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 367 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 311, or 21% of the total; this group was 49% male (151) and 51% female (160). Members of scheduled castes made up 37% of the village's population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 27% (287 men and 108 women). 402 people were classified as main workers (395 men and 7 women), while 187 people were classified as marginal workers (all women); the remaining 767 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 328 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 51 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 0 workers in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 0 household industry workers; 3 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 1 construction worker; 2 employed in trade and commerce; 5 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 12 in other services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017038 United Independents (Chile) United Independents (, IU) is a Chilean electoral pact that groups together the United Centre, National Citizen Party and independent parties for the 2021 parliamentary and regional councilor elections. History. The coalition was officially registered with the Electoral Service (Servel) on August 19, 2021. One of its leaders is the academic and television panelist Cristian Contreras Radovic, who seeks to run as a presidential candidate for the November 2021 election as a representative of United Centre. Initially, some media reported the alleged inclusion of National Force, an openly Pinochetist organization that is in formation as a political party, and which is headed by former deputy Hermogenes Perez de Arce and lawyer Raul Meza. Later, Contreras himself denied that the group was part of the pact, accusing the media that had spread said inclusion of spreading false information, and demanding its rectification. IU has an authority in the country, which corresponds to a councilor from the Villarrica commune who is active in the National Citizen Party. It will seek to present 10 candidates for senators, 85 for deputies and 79 for regional councilors. Composition. It is made up of the United Centre and the National Citizen Party, parties registered in various areas of the country. The leaders of the parties that make up the coalition at the time of formation are: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017053 Iphigenia (bivalve) Iphigenia is a genus of bivalves belonging to the family Donacidae. The species of this genus are found in Africa and America. Species: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017061 Napadej Dhupatemiya Napadej Dhupatemiya, also written as Napadej Thupatemi, () is a Thai air force officer. he serves as commander-in-chief of the Royal Thai Air Force. He previously served as chief advisor of Airbull Suttiwan (Commander of the Royal Thai Air Force from October 2020 to September 2021). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017064 Girls Got Game Girls Got Game () is a 2021 Russian sports comedy film directed by Maksim Sveshnikov. It was theatrically released in Russia on September 1, 2021 by Nashe Kino (English: Our Cinema). Plot. Dasha "Danya" Belykh was told from childhood that football is not a woman's business, but she still became the captain of the football team. Here are just her team unexpectedly gathered to close. Only victory can save them. And Danya decides to gather her childhood friends, with whom she played football at school. It turns out to be not so easy, and then there is a coach - a former "star" with problems, who does not consider women's football to be football at all . But having sent self-doubt, excess weight and problems on the personal front to the bench, the girls are eager to win not only in sports, but also in life. Production. Filming took place in the city of Taganrog, Rostov Oblast, and the local metallurgical plant "TAGMET" became one of the key locations. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017103 Maserati 6-cylinder F1 engine Maserati made two naturally-aspirated, straight-6, racing engines, designed for Formula One; between and . The first engine was the 2.0-liter "A6G"; in accordance with the engine regulations imposed by the FIA. Their second and last engine was the "250 F1"; in accordance with the engine regulations imposed by the FIA for . Maserati A6GCM engine. The inline 6-cylinder two-liter engine with DOHC and 12 valves, 3 two-barrel (twin choke) Weber carburetors delivered to . It was developed by Alberto Massimino and Vittorio Bellentani. The engine was mated to a 4-speed gearbox. Maserati 250 F1 engine. The 250F principally used the SSG 220 bhp (@ 7400 rpm) 2.5-litre Maserati A6 straight-six engine. Maserati 300S sports car engine. The 3.0-liter (approx at 6200 rpm) engine used in the Maserati 300S was based on the Straight-6 design of the Maserati 250F and incorporated a lengthened stroke developed by Vittorio Bellentani to increase the capacity from the original 2.5-litres. The compression ratio was reduced from 12:1 to 9.5:1, partly due to the FIA regulations requiring the engine to be run on road car fuel. It used three Weber carburetors. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017109 Khin Poe Panchi Khin Poe Panchi (, pronounced Khin Poe Bagyi, b. 2003) is a Burmese traditional and folk singer, with a repertoire spanning multiple genres including Buddhist Dhamma songs and the Mahagita, the corpus of Burmese classical songs. Khin won a gold medal at the National Performing Arts Competition. She has released several albums including "Me Yway Lo Hsin Ba Me" (myre:liu'chngp'my) in 2015, "Auspicious Moment" (mngglaaakhtteaa) in 2019, and "Magnificent Almsgiving" (khm:naa:ttai'aluu) in 2020. In 2019, she performed the theme song "Until We Meet Again" for the blockbuster film "The Only Mom". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017133 2021 Nuevo Leon wildfires The 2021 Nuevo Leon wildfires were a series of wildfires that broke out in late March and early April of 2021 in the Mexican state of Nuevo Leon. The wildfires in Nuevo Leon were fueled mostly by drought, high winds, and high temperatures. Media in Mexico had reported that 12 out of the 61 fires burning across the country were located in 8 protected natural areas, including the Cumbres de Monterrey National Park in the state of Nuevo Leon. Most of the wildfires that were burning in the state were near the city of Monterrey. On March 25, 1,100 residents had to be evacuated in at least 14 communities because of a major wildfire that was burning in the Sierra de Santiago region. The fire began in the neighboring state of Coahuila near the city of Arteaga on March 16. The fire was previously at 70% containment days later, but due to wind gusts reaching 90 kilometers per hour, the fire spread quickly over state lines into Nuevo Leon and authorities issued residents to evacuate immediately. Background. The Mexico wildfire season mostly starts from March and ends in May. But the 2021 wildfire season in Mexico is one of the worst fire seasons the country has faced in more than a decade, the major wildfires mostly being in Nuevo Leon. The wildfires in the state are mostly blamed for the ongoing drought in North America that is fueling hundreds of wildfires across the continent. A DC-10 Air Tanker was used to battle the wildfires in the Cumbres de Monterrey National Park. Smoke from the wildfires affected the state's air quality. The smoke from the fires could also be visible from the U.S. state of Florida. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017154 Darlinghurst (album) Darlinghurst is the debut studio album by Australian country band Darlinghurst. The album was announced on 28 July 2021 and released on 24 September 2021. The album debuted at number 9 on the ARIA Charts. In an interview with "Scenestr", Jason Resch said "I think there's something on the album for everyone to enjoy and relate to, and that's given I guess to our different musical backgrounds and how we are as individuals together. There will be a lot of different shade and colour among the 12 songs. We all share lead vocals, lots of harmonies, songs to go wild to, some to breakdown to. But, we invite anyone to listen to our record and make their own mind up. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017222 Grover Hudson Grover M. Hudson (born 1940) is an American linguist and Professor Emeritus of Linguistics, Germanic, Slavic, Asian and African Languages at Michigan State University. He is known for his works on the Amharic language. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017248 Blue Girl (film) Blue Girl is an American drama short film, written and directed by Kabir McNeely. The film stars Bella Murphy with Adele Rudnick, Ana-Claire Henley, Kabir McNeely, Celeste Caseria and Jamie Uhtof in supporting roles. Set in a virtual homeroom class, the film follows a young high-schooler named Katie who comes out to her class as a lesbian. Plot. Set in a Zoom homeroom class, a young high school student named Katie comes out as a lesbian. Longing for love and acceptance, she is left defenseless by her teacher Valerie to face a homophobic bully and a disappointed friend. Cast. Maeve Tuma, Lussi Salmela, Ari Khavin, Olivia Hobbs, Courtney McDanald, Sarah Sevak, Massina Commesso, Vanesa Ferizoli, Emilia Wagner, Safia Ait Hmidane and Daisy Donaldson also feature in minor roles as other classmates. Reception. Critical response. "Blue Girl" received mixed reviews. The film was broadcast on the Commonwealth Club during an interview with Kabir McNeely. Awards and nominations. "Blue Girl" has received several award wins and nominations from film festivals including the IndieX Film Festival. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017254 Frances Eivers Frances Jean Eivers is a New Zealand District Court judge; she is Maori and is a member of the Ngati Maniapoto iwi. In October 2021 she was appointed Children's Commissioner for New Zealand. Biography. Eivers was born and brought up in Te Teko in the eastern Bay of Plenty. She began her legal career in 1985, when she was admitted to the bar in the Auckland High Court. She has worked as a solicitor both in England and New Zealand, specialising in family law. In November 2000 she was appointed Counsel for the Child and in 2004 was appointed a Youth Advocate. Eivers was appointed a District Court judge with a Family Court warrant in 2009. She was sworn in as a judge at a ceremony held at her home marae, Te Teko's Kokohinau Marae. In addition, she has presided over Rangatahi Courts, which hear cases involving young Maori people. Eivers was a founding member of Te Huinga Roia (Maori Law Society) and serves as a mentor to law students at the University of Auckland Law School. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017257 Hamdard-e-Sehat Hamdard-e-Sehat () is a Pakistani Urdu health journal founded by Hakeem Abdul Hameed in 1931 in Delhi. Later in 1940, his younger brother Hakeem Muhammad Saeed became its editor. When Hakeem Saeed migrated to Pakistan in 1948, he published Hamdard-e-Sehat from Karachi. In 1953, Masood Ahmed Barkati was appointed as its admin editor, and he remained so till his death in 2017. "Hamdard-e-Sehat" aims at providing latest news and updates in the field of health and medical research for the Urdu readers. Apart from medical science, articles on psychological wellness, social issues, and book reviews are also included in the journal. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017282 Marco Palermo Marco Palermo (born 1 November 1995) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Born in Catania, Palermo started his career on amateur level. He joined Siracusa for 2014-15 season, and won three consecutive promotion with the club, from Eccellenza to Serie C. He made his professional debut on 5 March 2017 against Vibonese. On 8 September 2020, he joined Serie C club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017290 Bayside Canadian Railway The Bayside Canadian Railway is an extremely short railway in Bayside, New Brunswick, Canada. Its apparent sole purpose is to perform as a "Canadian" railway, to take advantage of a loophole in the Jones Act that would normally forbid the use of foreign-flagged vessels in shipping between two U.S. ports. Usage. Shipping companies Kloosterboer International and Alaska Reefer Management (both part of American Seafoods Group) ship frozen pollock from Dutch Harbor (Alaska), via the Panama Canal to the Eastern United States. The Jones Act requires the use of U.S.-flagged vessels when shipping between two U.S. ports, but there is an exemption, the so-called "third proviso", when part of the route is over Canadian rail lines. American Seafoods has been using foreign-flagged shipping "for years", and, until 2012, they used a 30-mile long route of shipping by the New Brunswick Southern Railway. However, in 2012, this practice had changed such that the fish was transferred to trucks in Bayside, the truck driving up a loading ramp onto one of two flatbed railcars. Then a tiny shunter locomotive pulled the cars to the other end of the railroad track, reversed and pushed the train back to the loading ramp, after which the truck would drive off the ramp and then enter the US via Calais, Maine. Court case. On August 16, 2021, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) gave American Seafoods notice of $350 million in penalties for alleged violations of the Jones Act. CBP claimed that the Bayside Canadian Railway is not a "through route" and that the "proviso" in the Jones Act therefore does not apply. The company sued in federal court, arguing the penalties prevented them from delivering their product, interfering with the affordable supply of pollock for school lunches. A judge allowed the current practice to continue awaiting litigation. However, it appears as if Kloosterboer switched to Russian imported fish by August 19, 2021. Description. The railway exists of a single track of about 70 metres (220ft), two flatbed rail cars, one "FTD Trackmobile" railcar mover and a loading ramp. A video on YouTube shows the entire return trip to take about 45 seconds. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017316 Letourneuxia numidica Letourneuxia numidica is a species of gastropod belonging to the family Arionidae. The species is found in Spain. The species is named after French naturalist Pierre Marie Arthur Morelet. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017362 Eduard Veith Eduard Veith (30 March 1858, Neutitschein - 18 March 1925, Vienna) was an Austrian portrait painter and stage designer. Many of his works were influenced by Symbolism. Biography. He was born to the decorative painter, Julius Veith (1820-1887), and his wife Susanna, nee Schleif (1827-1883). At first, he received training to follow in his father's profession. Later, he went to Vienna, where he took classes at the Museum of Applied Arts from Professor Ferdinand Laufberger. He capped off his studies by creating sgraffito for exhibition buildings at the Exposition Universelle in Paris. He then returned home, where he assisted his father with painting churches, synagogues and other ceremonial buildings.This was followed by several study trips; to Italy, Belgium and Tunisia. He finally settled in Vienna; becoming a free-lance artist and working mostly by commission. From 1890, he was a member of the Vienna Kunstlerhaus. In 1896, he received a gold medal at the Grosse Berliner Kunstausstellung. In 1905, he was appointed a Professor at the University of Technology. In 1911, he married Bertha Griesbeck (1872-1952), from Augsburg. He later taught at the University of Applied Arts Museum of Applied Arts, and became a Professor there in 1920. During his years in Vienna, he maintained contact with his home town, and held exhibitions there. In addition to his paintings, he did interior decorations for a number of the buildings on the Ringstrasse, and trompe l'oeil stage sets. He often collaborated with the architects, Fellner #amp; Helmer, who built dozens of theatres and opera houses throughout the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He died shortly before his sixty-seventh birthday, and was interred at Dobling Cemetery. His grave is adorned with a sculpture by . 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017369 Afghanistan at the 2017 Summer Deaflympics Afghanistan competed in the 2017 Summer Deaflympics which was held in Samsun, Turkey. Afghanistan sent a team consisting of 5 athletes for the event. This was the country's first appearance at the games, having only becoming a member of the Deaflympics in 2013. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017373 Bride of Fire "Bride of Fire" () is a historical tragedy written in 1927 by the Azerbaijani playwright Jafar Jabbarli. It is the first significant work of Jabbarli of the new season. The tragedy is dedicated to Babek uprising against the Arab Caliphate. It was staged for the first time in 1928 in Baku. History of creation. The tragedy "Bride of Fire" is dedicated to the real events of the 9th century of the commander Babek fight who led the national liberation movement against the Arab-Islamic conquerors. Babek served as a prototype for the main character of the play - Elkhan. Initially, the play was called "Babek", but Jafar Jabbarli did not want to limit the ideological and thematic framework of the work to a specific historical event, but sought to give it a broader content. The work on the play began back in 1925, when Jabbarli finished and presented its first version to the theatre. This version, cumbersome in volume and was imperfect in ideological and artistic terms, consequently this did not satisfy neither the author himself nor the theatre. Therefore, Jafar Jabbarli continued to work on the play, he significantly reduced it and achieved a serious improvement in the artistic qualities of the creation. The Director Alexander Tuganov writes in his memoirs: As Alexander Tuganov recalls in his memoirs, in the three years of hard work, Jabbarli turned 38 scenes of the original version into 18. Having adopted a new version of the play, the theatre began to work intensively on it. Production history. After "Hamlet" (staged in December 1926), the "Bride of Fire" became the first performance, on the preparation of which the Azerbaijan State Theatre spent so much time and work. The "Bride of Fire" was shown on 16 February 1928 on the stage of the Azerbaijan Drama Theatre. According to Jafarov, "no other work has caused such great enthusiasm in the collective". The director Alexander Tuganov, also admitted this: The practice of those years did not know any other cases when the same performance went on for several days in a row. The "Bride of Fire" was the first performance to run for four days in a row and then went on with great success for many years. The long stage life of the "Bride of Fire", according to the theatre expert Jafar Jafarov, was explained, "firstly, by the high merits of the play itself, and, secondly, by the fact that the theatre created a spectacular performance, magnificent in terms of brightness and beauty" The music for the play the "Bride of Fire" was written by the 20-year-old composer Afrasiyab Badalbeyli. This was one of the first works of the composer. Analysis of the play. In the play the "Bride of Fire", according to the art critic Ismayil Tagi-zade, the protagonist Solmaz is a servant of the fire-worshipers temple and her plot line is only the nominal centre of the work, its main character is Babek. The theatre critic Jafar Jafarov, calling the work a kind of historical-romantic drama, writes that it has no documented history nor historical figures. At the same time, as writes Jafarov, it is historical and paints a "plausible historical picture of fight" of the people "against the Arab invaders and the Islamic religion". The literary critic Mammad Arif writes that the tragedy the "Bride of Fire", staged in the Azerbaijan Drama Theatre in 1928, was "a landmark event in the ideological and artistic development of the national drama". According to Mamed Arif, this play was directed against the Islamic religion. The literary critic Orujali Hasanov wrote that in the play "Bride of Fire" one can already see "the manifestation of the most resolute, mature, and deepest atheism." Hasanov writes that in his last monologue, which Elkhan utters under the gallows, he boldly throws: "No Allah! No Allah! I myself am Allah! I am the creator of life and happiness on earth!" According to the musicologist Naila Kerimova, until 1928, namely, before the staging of Jabbarlis new historical and heroic play "Bride of Fire", the musical arrangement of the Azerbaijani performances "did not go beyond the framework of the musical editing". Nailya Kerimova notes that the "Bride of Fire" "became a bright event in the theatrical life" and marked the next stage in the development of the theatrical music genre in Azerbaijan, being associated with the name of the young composer Afrasiyab Badalbeyli. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017374 Editors Guild of India Editors Guild of India (EGI) is a non profit organization of journalists based in India. The organization has declared "objectives of protecting press freedom and for raising the standards of editorial leadership of newspapers and magazines". It was founded in 1978, by Kuldip Nayar. EGI has represented Indian newspapers in communications to the government. The first national convention of the Guild was held in Delhi on 18-19 March 1978. The guild does not function as a trade union. EGI is managed by its President with the assistance of General Secretary, a Treasurer and an Executive Committee. The official statements of EGI have highlighted the incidents of muzzling of the freedom of press and threats to the safety of journalists. Organization. The members of the Guild are individuals. Institutions cannot be the members. The editors of newspapers, news agencies and periodicals can become its members. The admissions need to be approved by the screening committee. EGI is managed by its President with the assistance of General Secretary, a Treasurer and an Executive Committee. Office Bearers. President, Secretary and Treasurer are the three elected office bearers. During the Annual General Meeting of the Guild, the General Body elects the President, the General Secretary and the Treasurer. Seema Mustafa, editor, The Citizen is the elected president of the guild. Sanjay Kapoor, editor, Hard News is the secretary and Anant Nath, editor, The Caravan, is the treasurer. All three office bearers were elected on 16 October 2020. Executive Committee. According to EGI's rules, Executive Committee has an approved maximum strength of fifteen members. The President after consulting with the senior members of the Guild nominates the Executive Committee. The President, the General Secretary and the Treasurer are the ex-officio members of the Executive Committee. Activities. 2002. In 2002, the Editors Guild of India dispatched a three-person delegation to look into the media's role in the 2002 Gujarat riots. Their inquiry discovered that several members of the local (Gujarati language) media were anti-Muslim and had incited violence. 2021. In 2021, EGI demanded a probe by a court-led team, into the death of a journalist during the Lakhimpur Kheri massacre, a vehicle-ramming attack and mob lynching incident during the farmers' protest against the farm laws passed by the BJP led Union Government. It happened on 3 October 2021 in Lakhimpur Kheri district, Uttar Pradesh, India resulting in deaths of eight people and injuries to 10 others. Four protesters and a journalist named Kashyap were run over by the car, three others were lynched by protestors in the subsequent violence. EGI demanded a probe by a court-led team, into the death of a journalist and the incident. EGI stated, "In what is clearly a terror attack meant to spread fear amongst the farmers, the killing of Kashyap raises many questions. The Editors Guild demands that the death of Kashyap be separately probed by a Court-led special investigation team to ascertain the circumstances of his death and also attempt to recover and use the footage of his camera to build the sequence of events leading to his death. EGI is concerned about the varying versions of the incident in different sections of the media. It is imperative for the media to report the facts and not versions." After the 2021 Tripura riots, a fact-finding team of Supreme Court lawyers visited the area and released a report which highlighted anti-Muslim violence in Tripura. The Tripura Police filed charges against these lawyers under strict anti terror laws of Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA). The police also filed charges under the UAPA against 102 people including some Indian journalists for protesting, or even merely mentioning, the communal violence on social media platforms and asked Twitter, Facebook and YouTube to freeze their accounts. The EGI released a statement, that said "This is an extremely disturbing trend where such a harsh law, where in the processes of investigation and bail applications are extremely rigorous and overbearing, is being used for merely reporting on and protesting against communal violence," The EGI expressed its outrage at the Tripura police for its coercive action against journalists, claiming that it was an attempt by the Tripura government to divert attention away from its own inability to control violence by the majority religion (Hindu) or to take action against the perpetrators. It criticized the Governments "use of stringent laws like UAPA to suppress reporting on such incidents." The EGI demanded a fair investigation into "the circumstances of the riots instead of penalising journalists and civil society activists". The Guild reaffirmed its earlier request to the Supreme Court that it consider the "unjustifiable" application of laws like UAPA and provide strict guidelines on charging journalists under them. 2022. Tek Fog. The Guild cited "The Wire"'s investigative report on Tek Fog and said that "several women journalists were subjected to thousands of abusive tweets" to "instill fear in them" and "prevent them from expressing themselves freely and go about their jobs". The Editors Guild of India condemned "the continuing online harassment of women journalists, which includes targeted and organised online trolling as well as threats of sexual abuse." The guild demanded 'urgent steps to break and dismantle this misogynistic and abusive digital eco-system'. The Guild cited investigative report by "The Wire", and urged the Supreme Court to order an investigation into the allegations that the Tek Fog app was used to harass women journalists with abusive tweets. The report had alleged that influential people from the ruling party BJP may be involved. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017376 Caffeine patch A caffeine patch is a type of a transdermal patch designed to deliver caffeine to the body through the skin. The concept is similar to that of a nicotine patch. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017396 Nathan Harness Nathan Connor Harness (born 19 January 2000) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Charlton Athletic. Career. Charlton Athletic. Harness joined Charlton Athletic from Dunstable Town on 1 July 2019. He made his debut for Charlton Athletic on 31 August 2021 in a 6-1 EFL Trophy victory over Crawley Town. Billericay Town (loan). Harness joined Billericay Town on a month's loan on 7 January 2020 where he made four appearances. Welling United (loan). Harness joined Welling United on a loan on 8 December 2020 where he made two appearances. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017407 Pooja Priyanka use both this parameter and |birth_date to display the person's date of birth, date of death, and age at death) --#gt; Pooja Priyanka (born 23 May 1991) is a Fijian-Indian Model, actor, dancer, and entrepreneur based in Australia. She holds the Miss World Fiji 2016 Pageant and debuted in Bollywood by landing a role in a short film, The Dream Catcher with Dharmendra. Career. Priyanka started her career when she was 18 years old by competing for local beauty pageants. She subsequently won many titles due to her strong talent performances in dancing. In 2016, Pooja competed and won the Miss World Fiji title amongst nine other candidates. This victory led her to represent her country at the 66th Miss World Pageant in Washington DC, where she was amongst the top 20 finalists. Priyanka has been training in Indian traditional dance forms since she was five years old. She is the co-founder and creator of ViDesi Girls, a Bollywood dance company based in Australia. She has her own fashion label ViDesi as well as a co-founder of jewellery brand PaperPeonies. In 2016, it was announced that Pooja Priyanka will be the brand ambassador for Fiji International. In 2017, Priyanka debuted in Bollywood by landing a role in a short film with Dharmendra for The Dream Catcher. This movie has been nominated for international film festivals around the world. Pageantry. Miss World Fiji 2016. Priyanka was crowned Miss World Fiji 2016 on 07 May 2016 in the ballroom at the Grand Pacific Hotel in Suva and competed at Miss World 2016 on 18 December 2016 in Washington, D.C., United States. Miss World 2016. Priyanka represented FIji at Miss World 2016 and placed Top 20 for Talent and Beauty with a purpose. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017409 Masten Wanjala Masten Milimu Wanjala (2001 - 15 October 2021) was a Kenyan suspected serial killer. He was accused of killing 10 boys in Nairobi. Wanjala admitted to drugging and murdering more than 10 boys since 2019, and to drinking the blood of some. He gained their confidence by pretending to be a football coach, and held some for ransom. He was arrested on 14 July 2021, and was held at Jogoo Road police station, but had yet to be charged when he escaped from custody on 13 October. The three police officers on duty at the time were arraigned on charges of allowing and assisting his escape; they said there was a power cut at the police station that night. Two days after his escape, Wanjala was lynched by an angry mob in Mukhweya, Bungoma County, where his parents live; they have disowned him. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017415 Arsyadjuliandi Rachman Arsyadjuliandi Rachman (born 8 July 1960) is an Indonesian politician who is a member of the People's Representative Council and served as governor of Riau between 2016 and 2018. He was previously the province's vice-governor, although he acted in the governor's capacity following Annas Maamun's arrest in 2014. Early life and education. Rachman was born on 8 July 1960 in Pekanbaru, as the fifth of ten children of Abdul Rachman Syafei, the owner of a bus transport company. He completed primary school in Pekanbaru before moving to Bukittinggi and later Yogyakarta to pursue higher education. Between 1980 and 1985, he studied at Sebelas Maret University in Surakarta, and graduated with a bachelors degree in agriculture, then a MBA at Oklahoma City University between 1986 and 1987. Career. In 2009, he was appointed deputy chairman of the Indonesian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KADIN), having previously been the chairman of Aceh's Chamber of Commerce and Industry. He ran as the running mate of Annas Maamun in the 2013 Riau gubernatorial election, the pair winning with 60.75% of votes after a runoff election. In October 2014, he was appointed as acting governor following Maamun's arrest for bribery charges. He was appointed as full governor on 25 May 2016. He contested the 2018 gubernatorial election, but lost to Syamsuar. He resigned on 20 September 2018 in order to run as candidate for the People's Representative Council in the 2019 legislative election. Rachman proceeded to win a seat representing Riau's 1st electoral district after winning 31,854 votes. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017417 2021 Chiba earthquake The 2021 Chiba earthquake (Japanese: Qian Xie Xian Bei Xi Bu Di Zhen , Hepburn: "Chiba-ken Hokuseibu Jishin") was an earthquake that occurred in Japan at 22:41 JST (13:41 UTC) on October 7, 2021. The epicenter was recorded approximately southwest of Chiba in Chiba Prefecture. The earthquake struck a depth of around to with a magnitude of 5.9 on the Richter scale. A maximum intensity of "Shindo" 5+ was recorded, equivalent to VI ("Strong") on the Mercalli scale. It was the strongest earthquake to strike the Tokyo area since the 2011 Tohoku earthquake. Earthquake. Intensity. A maximum intensity of "Shindo" 5+ was recorded in the prefectures of Tokyo and Saitama. Impact. Injuries. At least 47 people were injured. Damages. Minor damage and power outages were reported in the epicentral area. Due to the earthquake, transportation such as railroads stopped operating. Additionally, a Nippori-Toneri Liner train derailed in Adachi, Tokyo. There were also reported instances of fires; an oil refinery processing unit was suspended after a fire occurred there. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017426 Abou Ben Adhem (poem) "Abou Ben Adhem"is a poem written in 1834 by the English critic, essayist and poet Leigh Hunt. It concerns a pious Middle Eastern sheikh who finds the 'love of God' to have blessed him. The poem has been praised for its non-stereotypical depiction of an Arab. Hunt claims through this poem that true worship manifests itself through the acts of love and service that one shows one's fellowmen and women. The character of 'Abou Ben Adhem' is said to have been based on the ascetic Sufi mystic Ibrahim bin Adham. The poem, due to its Middle Eastern setting and spiritualistic undertones, can be considered an example of Romantic Orientalism. The first known appearance of this poem is in an album kept by the writer Anna Maria Hall, whose husband, Samuel Carter Hall published it in 1834, in his gift book "The Amulet." Analysis. The poem shows a surprisingly liberal attitude for its time, and espouses the belief that true worship is in the service of others. The angel is said to be a representation of God's omnipresence, which observes anything and anyone. Apart from the end rhyme scheme, Hunt uses alliteration to enrich the cadence of the poem. Some examples are: Abou Ben Adhem (Line 1) Deep dream of peace (Line 2) Nay, not so (Line 11) I pray thee then (Line 13) The poem is written in a narrative style, and it is structured into two stanzas of nine couplets. Here, the couplets are 'closed' - i.e. they end with punctuation. While the poem is metrically flexible, it essentially displays an iambic pentameter style. The poem draws from Arabian lore, where in the Islamic month of Nous Sha'ban, God takes the golden book of mankind and chooses those dear to Him who He will call in the coming year. Thus indirectly, this is also a poem about a 'blessed death'. Leigh Hunt's source for this was Barthelemy d'Herbelot, "Bibliotheque orientale", first published in 1697. However, while d'Herbelot has Abou-Ishak-Ben-Adhem ask God to write him down as one who loves the Lord ('ecrivez-moi, je vous prie, pour l'amour d'eux, en qualite d'ami de ceux qui aiment Dieu'), the poem has him say "Write me as one, that loves his fellow men". Russell Jones, in the Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society, writes that the identification of Abou Ben Adham with Ibrahim ibn Adham was through two notes by H. Beveridge and V.A. Smith in the same journal in 1909. In popular culture. The verse "Write me as one who loves his fellow men" came to be used in Hunt's epitaph, unveiled by Lord Haughton in 1869 at Kensal Green in North Kensington. the musical "Flahooley" features a genie named Abou Ben Atom, based on either Ibrahim or Abou played in the original 1951 Broadway production by Irwin Corey. It was used in the British satirical television programe "Not the Nine O'clock News", being simultaneously translated into mock Welsh by Roman Atkinson. In school curricula. "Abou Ben Adhem" is one of the prescribed poems in the 10th grade English Literature syllabus for the nationwide CISCE board exam in India. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017439 Matias Fonseca (footballer, born 2001) Matias Fonseca (born 12 March 2001) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932, on loan from Inter Milan. Club career. Born in Naples, Fonseca was formed as a player on Como and Inter Milan youth system. After his promotion to first team on 2021, Fonseca was loaned to Serie C club Pergolettese. He made his professional debut on 11 September 2021 against Pro Sesto. International career. Fonseca made his debut for Italy U19 on 15 January 2020 against Spain U19. Personal life. Matias is son of Daniel Fonseca, former Uruguayan football player. His Brother Nicolas is also a footballer. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017440 Kang Min-hyuk (badminton) Kang Min-hyuk () is a South Korean badminton player from Samsung Electro-Mechanics team. Educated at , Kang rose to prominence when he along with Kim Won-ho, defeated seeded players at the 2019 Asian championships and reached the semifinals, ultimately winning the bronze medal. He is the national team member since 2017 and was also the part of Korean team that won bronze medal at the World Mixed Team Championship in 2021. In his junior career, Kang was the 2017 Asian mixed team champion as well. Achievements. BWF World Tour. The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017441 Letter of the Twenty Two The Letter of the Twenty Two was a letter written by twenty two working class members of the Russian Communist Party (Bolshevik) expressing their concerns about the rift which they perceived between workers and party leaders. It was addressed to the Executive Committee of the Communist International and sent on February 26, 1922. The original twenty two signatories were all metalworkers. However Alexandra Kollontai and Zoya Shadurskaia, both prominent Bolshevik women of noble background, subsequently signed the letter. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017466 Eaglehawk North, Victoria Eaglehawk North is an inner suburb of the regional city of Bendigo in north central Victoria, Australia, north west of the Bendigo city centre. At the , Eaglehawk North had a population of 5. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017467 Sayaka Obihiro is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working as a freelancer and is best known for her tenure with the Japanese promotions Gatoh Move Pro Wrestling, Ice Ribbon and JWP Joshi Puroresu. Professional wrestling career. Independent circuit (2010-present). As a freelancer, Obihiro is known for working with other several promotions. At "Stardom Natsuki Taiyo Retirement Match", an event promoted by World Wonder Ring Stardom on January 6, 2014, she teamed up with Hatsuhinode Kamen and Kaori Yoneyama to unsuccessfully challenge Hiroyo Matsumoto, Mayu Iwatani and Miho Wakizawa for the Artist of Stardom Championship. At "WAVE Weekday Wave Vol. 89", an event promoted by Pro Wrestling Wave on April 22, 2015 where she competed in a gauntlet match won by Hikaru Shida and also involving Kyoko Kimura, Moeka Haruhi, Ryo Mizunami and Shuu Shibutani. At "W-1 WRESTLE-1 Tour 2015 Daydream", an event promoted by Wrestle-1 on June 20, Obihiro fell short to Saki. At "REINA Makoto 10th Anniversary", an event promoted by Pro Wrestling Reina on October 28, 2016, Obihiro competed in a 14-person battle royal won by Hanako Nakamori and also involving Masaya Takahashi, Choun Shiryu, Reyna Isis, Mr. Gannosuke, Rina Yamashita and others. At "DDT Tavern Pro Wrestling ~ Alcohol Mania 2017 ~", an event promoted by DDT Pro Wrestling on March 23, 2017, Obihiro competed in a five-way match won by Joey Ryan and also involving Cherry, Tatsuhiko Yoshino and Yusuke Kubo. Gatoh Move Pro Wrestling (2013-present). Obihiro is also part of Gatoh Move Pro Wrestling's roster. At "Gatoh Move Japan Tour #319" on October 31, 2017, she competed in a Halloween costume battle royal also involving Antonio Honda, Hagane Shinnou, Kazuhiro Tamura, Masahiro Takanashi and others. Ice Ribbon (2010-2012). Obihiro made his professional wrestling debut at "Ice Ribbon New Ice Ribbon #179" on April 29, 2010 where she fell short to Kazumi Shimoma. At "Ice Ribbon New Ice Ribbon #225" on October 10, 2010, she participated in a 18-person battle royal won by Riho and also involving Chii Tomiya, Yuko Miyamoto, Nanae Takahashi, Jun Kasai, Jaki Numazawa and others. At "New Year Ribbon" on January 4, 2012, Obihiro competed in another 18-person battle royal also involving notable opponents such as Tsukushi, Tsukasa Fujimoto, Hiragi Kurumi, Gentaro, Hamuko Hoshi and others. JWP Joshi Puroresu (2010-2016). Obihiro is also known for competing in JWP Joshi Puroresu. At "JWP Revolution 2010" on December 12, she unsuccessfully challenged Sawako Shimono in a tourntment finals for the #1 contendership for the JWP Junior Championship and Princess of Pro-Wrestling Championship. At "JWP Climax 2011" on December 23, she participated in a 15-man battle royal won by Abdullah Kobayashi and also involving Sanshiro Takagi, Takashi Sasaki, The Great Kabuki, Great Kojika and others. On the second night of the 2012 edition of the Tag League the Best, she unsuccessfully challenged Kaori Yoneyama in a singles match. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017499 Kathryn McGrath Kathryn McGrath is a New Zealand chemical scientist. She is deputy vice-chancellor (research) at the University of Technology Sydney, Australia. Biography. McGrath was educated at Burnside High School in Christchurch, and went on to study at the University of Canterbury, where she completed a BSc(Hons) degree in chemistry. She then earned a PhD at the Australian National University in Canberra. Her thesis focused on the properties of liquid crystals. After completing her doctoral studies, she held postdoctoral positions at Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris, and Princeton University in the United States. On returning to New Zealand, McGrath lectured in chemistry at the University of Otago in Dunedin, where she also completed a postgraduate diploma in finance. In 2004, she moved to Victoria University of Wellington where she lectured in the School of Chemical and Physical Sciences, and rose to the rank of full professor. She also held the position of vice-provost (research) and in 2011 was appointed director of the MacDiarmid Institute for Advanced Materials and Nanotechnology. In 2018, she moved to the University of Technology Sydney. Recognition. McGrath was awarded the Easterfield Medal by the New Zealand Institute of Chemistry in 2003, and the Research Medal (now Hill Tinsley Medal) by the New Zealand Association of Scientists in 2007. In 2013, she received the Wellington City Council's Gold Inspire Wellington Award. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017503 Jan Christian Vestre Jan Christian Vestre (born 9 October 1986) is a Norwegian businessperson in the furniture industry, and politician for the Labour Party. He has served as Minister of Trade and Industry since 2021. Personal life and education. Vestre was born in Haugesund on 9 October 1986. He graduated in jurisprudence from the University of Oslo in 2017. Business career. Vestre worked as a designer and manager in his family's furniture company, Vestre AS, and won an "Entrepreneur of The Year" award in 2019. He took over the leadership of his family's furniture company at the age of 26, following the death of his father. Political career. During his youth, Vestre was a member of the Workers' Youth League, and was present at the summer camp on Utoya when Anders Behring Breivik attacked it. He escaped barefoot and ran along the shore, despite bleeding, he never noticed his injuries, and held out for an hour before being rescued. Vestre served as a political advisor to then Minister of Trade and Industry Trond Giske, from June to October 2013. Minister of Trade and Industry. He was appointed Minister of Trade and Industry in Store's Cabinet on 14 October 2021. Vestre and Minister of Climate and the Environment Espen Barth Eide announced that the government would work actively to cut emissions, with Vestre noting: "I believe that the richest country in the world must be willing to take some greater risks. The shift we are going through now is the biggest change in recent Norwegian history. The problem here in Norway is not that we have taken too much risk. We have rather been too cowardly to point out a direction and do what works. We no longer have time for that". Vestre expressed that it is important for Norway to be coordinated with the rest of Europe when it came to decisions about either having standard time permanently or both standard and summer time. In December, he and fellow ministers Marte Mjos Persen and Anniken Huitfeldt, and Crown Prince Haakon visited the United States to promote Norwegian interests notably regarding "War, the Arctic, offshore wind, contemporary art and Christmas trees". However, like Persen, he returned to Norway earlier then planned. On 14 December, Vestre attended a press conference alongside Trygve Slagsvold Vedum, Hadia Tajik and Anette Trettebergstuen to present the government's economic COVID-19 measures. In regards to his field of responsibility, Vestre announced that the national compensation scheme for businesses would be extended. Vestre stated: "We expect owners and managers to act responsibly. The government is clear that the COVID-19 support will go to keep people in work, not for the benefit of the owners". On 28 December, Vestre expressed that there was no guarantee that measures would be lifted come January 2022. He emphasised with the restaurant service industry, and added that the government saw no other options. He did however state that if the number of cases went down, the government would possibly instigate the process of reopening. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017520 Revenue Act of 1937 The Revenue Act of 1937, Pub. L. No. 75-377, ch. 815, was entitled: "An act to provide revenue, equalize taxation, prevent tax evasion and avoidance, and for other purposes." In a contemporary article published in the journal of the American Bar Association, it was described as "not a Measure of Wide Scope." The author noted that it included changes "Relating to Domestic Personal Holding Companies." https://heinonline.org/HOL/LandingPage?handle=hein.journals/abaj23#amp;div=211#amp;id=#amp;page= 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017529 Bishal Shrestha Bishal Shrestha (born 12 September 1992) is a Nepalese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Machhindra F.C. and the Nepal national football team. Despite being member of Nepal national team since 2011, he got chance to debut in 2021 against India. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017530 Mizutamari Bond Mizutamari Bond (Japanese: Shui Liu ribondo, "Mizutamari Bondo") is a Japanese YouTuber duo, consisting of Kanta (kanta) and Tommy (tomi, "Tomi"). The duo began posting videos in 2015 and belong to multi-channel network UUUM. As of October 2021, Mizutamari Bond was the 20th most-viewed YouTube channel in Japan with 3.5 billion views, and the 26th most-subscribed channel in Japan with 4.0 million subcribers. Overview. Mizutamari Bond's videos consist mostly of experiments, urban legends and pranks. In the past, they did not use a very high budget even for their most expensive experiments, and the average budget for one video was about 500 yen (about US$4.40). The duo are known to be conscious of making videos that avoid off-color humor, which has had great influence on the acquisition of viewers as their video content can be safely watched by both families and the young generation. From this principle, fans often call Mizutamai Bond "the NHK of YouTube". The duo has had many collaborations with various entertainers and YouTubers, and have invited guests on their videos including Generations from Exile Tribe members, HIKAKIN, Hajime Syacho, Fischer's, Tokai On Air, Yuka Kinoshita, Mahoto Watanabe. Their videos always start with a fixed greeting, "Hai, domo, Mizutamari Bondo desu. Onegaishimasu. Tomi desu. Kanta desu. Onegaishimasu.", roughly meaning "Hello, this is Mizutamari Bond. Best regards. I am Tommy. I am Kanta. Best regards." History. Sato Michael Kanta and Tominaga Tomoyoshi (later known as Kanta and Tommy, respectively) met at Aoyama Gakuin University's "owarai" club and formed a "manzai" duo. In 2014, the two advanced to the second round of King Of Conte 2014. The two opened a YouTube channel called "Mizutamari Bond" on YouTube on October 6, 2014. They posted their first video in January 2015, which only reached 100 views, but as they continued to post a video at 20:00 every day, a year and a half later, in June 2016, the number of subscribers had reached 650,000. In 2016, Mizutamari Bond made their first appearance on television when the duo appeared as commentators for the special program "Omae, Terebi Deterutteyo!" on TV Kanagawa from December 31, 2016 to January 1, 2017. On August 13, 2020, Mizutamari Bond announced that they would quit posting videos 7 days a week, which they uploaded every day since January 1, 2015 until the end of 2020. On June 18, 2021, 31 people, including Tommy, attended a party despite a COVID-19 state of emergency in Japan. Regarding this, an apology video by both Tommy and Kanta was posted, with Tommy announcing his hiatus. In addition, the bar where the party was held was owned by Tommy, which suspended its business immediately after the news and was closed down in July of the same year. The channel was updated on July 17th, and a new apology video by Kanta alone was posted. In the video, Tommy's return was left completely undecided, but Kanta denied the group's dissolution, saying, "I really don't want Mizutamari Bond to end in this way." Since then, Kanta has continued to post videos without Tommy. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017531 Zoya Shadurskaia Zoya Leonidovna Shadurskaia (1873-1939) was a well-educated Russian noble who was active in Russian revolutionary movement from the 1890s. She was a feminist and remained life long friends with Alexandra Kollontai. Zoya met Kollantai as a child in 1877 in Bulgaria during the Russo-Turkish War. Political activism. She supported the Zimmerwald movement in Paris during the First World War. She returned to Russia in 1917 and joined the Bolsheviks. Like Kollontai she was active in the Workers' Opposition and in 1922 with her was one of the two people who signed the "Letter of the Twenty Two" following its initial publication. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017542 Ursula Noack Ursula Noack (7 April 1918 - 13 February 1988) was a German cabaret artiste, film and stage actress, and chanson singer who after 1945 made her career in the west - principally in Bavaria. During the 1960s and early 70s she became well known to television viewers through her appearances as a member of the five member Munchner Lach- und Schiessgesellschaft (political cabaret group). Biography. Provenance and early years. Ursula Noack was born during the closing months of the First World War at Halle (Saxony) in central Germany. Her father was a church minister. Soon after leaving school, in 1937 or 1938, she embarked on a career as a stage actress, accepting a with the theatre at Erfurt. From the outset she became involved in "casting differences" with producers. Initially, as she would later recall, she was "always [expected to be] and angelic cutie, finger in mouth". A reputation for knowing her own mind would follow her through her career, however. According to one admirer, "Ursula Noack was emancipated long before the women's movement became focused on the concept". After the war Halle found itself administered as part of the Soviet occupation zone. Noack enjoyed early successes as a cabaret artiste in shows with the , accommodated at that time in the building. Leipzig had also ended up under Soviet military administration in July 1945. In 1948 Noack relocated to the west, now pursuing her stage career at Hamburg (in the ) and Bremen (for strategic-logistical reasons, in the ). She became a frequent presence on the local radio stations. But by the end of the decade it was obvious that cabaret was her first love, and it was in cabaret shows that she was already establishing her reputation as a stage performer in West Germany's two largest northern port cities. As early as 1946 she was also performing to lyrics by the iconic writer Erich Kastner at founded in Munich by four theatre people and writers - including Kastner - the previous year. During the early 1950s Noack teamed up with Hanne Wieder, , and to form what became "Die Amnestierten" ("loosely, "The Amnestied ones""), a touring cabaret troupe with its home-base in Kiel, to the north, even, of Hamburg. Described initially as a "student" cabaret troupe, "Die Amnestierten" quickly became known across West Germany. It was also through "Die Amnestierten" that shortly after this Noack first met the cabaret pianist-composer , whom in 1967 she would marry. Lach- und Schiessgesellschaft. Noack came to prominence on account of her membership of the Munich-based "Lach- und Schiessgesellschaft" ("literally, "Laughing and shooting society""). She joined the group in (probably) 1958 through , with whom she had worked earlier on the decade as one of the "Amnestierten". Other regular group members at that time were Ursula Herking, Klaus Havenstein and Dieter Hildebrandt. The first show in which she worked with the troupe was called "Eine kleine Machtmusik" ("loosely, "A little power music" - and also a none too subtle reference to Mozart") The troupe normally comprised four men and one woman: it appears that in 1958 Ursula Noack filled the place that would otherwise have been taken by Ursula Herking for the Munich production. Noack did not tour with the production that year. In 1959, however, she became a full-time troupe member in succession to Ursula Herking, who had been juggling her cabaret work with an increasingly successful (and evidently time-consuming) career as a movie actress. It was therefore Ursula Noack who was the one woman in the five person troupe through and beyond the 1960s, during which the "Lach- und Schiessgesellschaft" television appearances became something of a national institution. Later years. In 1971 Ursula Noack was one of the high-profile media stars who put their names to the "We've had abortions!" campaign, designed to highlight short-comings in the . Regardless of whether she ever had undergone abortion, or was merely one of those who had - as one or two admitted some years later - merely signed the statement out of solidarity and "in a symbolic basis", Noack's participation added weight to the campaign. In 1972 the Lach- und Schiessgesellschaft group broke up. Ursula Noack retreated, for the most part, into private life principally, it was reported, for health reasons. She was nearly a decade older than her husband, who continued to work in the show business: own retirement was less abrupt. The two of them continued to live together just outside Munich. For the next ten years or so Noack made occasional cameo stage appearances, and her voice could be heard on the radio, albeit rarely. The cancer diagnosis came through during the middle part of the 1980s. Ursula Noack died on 13 February 1988. Her physical remains were buried in the family grave in the "Forest Cemetery" at Grasbrunn on the edge of Munich. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017543 The Rotterdam Session The Rotterdam Session is a studio album by American jazz saxophonist Clifford Jordan recorded together with Philly Joe Jones on drums and James Long on bass in the Netherlands in 1985. This album is a rare Dutch session from the trio and one of the last recordings including Philly Joe Jones before his death in August 1985. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017605 Cruz Martinez Esteruelas Cruz Martinez Esteruelas (4 February 1932 - 17 September 2000) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Education and Science of Spain between 1968 and 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017606 Julio Rodriguez Martinez (politician) Julio Rodriguez Martinez (25 April 1928 - 28 January 1979) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Education and Science of Spain in 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017617 William Ribeiro William Cavalheiro Ribeiro (born 7 January 1991) is a Brazilian footballer who is last known to have played as a midfielder, winger, or forward for Sao Paulo-RS. Career. In 2017, Ribeiro signed for Brazilian fourth division side Sao Paulo-RS. In 2017, he signed for Brasil de Pelotas in the Brazilian second division, where he made 5 league appearances and scored 0 goals. On 12 August 2017, Ribeiro debuted for Brasil de Pelotas during a 1-0 win over Guarani (Brazil). Before the 2018 season, he signed for Brazilian third division club Ypiranga. In 2020, he signed for Aguia Negra in the Brazilian fourth division. In 2021, Ribeiro returned to Brazilian team Sao Paulo-RS. Referee assault and attempted murder charges. Ribeiro was arrested for kicking referee Rodrigo Crivellaro unconscious in the middle of regular season game against Guarani-VA in Venancio Aires, Rio Grande do Sul; which SP-RS lost 0-1. Ribeiro first punched Crivellaro in the face, and then kicked him in the head. Ribeiro was then charged with attempted murder by local authorities and was immediately released from the team, and was banned for 2 years by the Brazilian FA. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017623 Antonio Garrigues Diaz-Canabate Antonio Garrigues Diaz-Canabate, 1st Marquess of Garrigues (9 January 1904 - 24 February 2004) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Justice of Spain between 1975 and 1976, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017636 2021 St. Petersburg Open The 2021 St. Petersburg Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 26th edition of the St. Petersburg Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 Series of the 2021 ATP Tour. It took place at the Sibur Arena in Saint Petersburg, Russia, from October 25 through 31, 2021. Champions. Singles. Marin Cilic def. Taylor Fritz, 7-6(7-3), 4-6, 6-4 Doubles. Jamie Murray / Bruno Soares def. Andrey Golubev / Hugo Nys, 6-3, 6-4 Singles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following player received entry using a protected ranking: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: Doubles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017639 Fernando de Linan Fernando de Linan y Zofio (19 April 1930 - 27 April 2011) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Information and Tourism of Spain in 1973, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017650 Sally Abston Sally Abston (1934-2008) was an American surgeon and scientist. She is noted as the first woman surgical resident at the University of Texas Medical Branch Galveston (UTMB), where she also worked as part of the faculty. Biography. Abston was born in Refugio, Texas on 29 May 1934 to Charles Richard Abston and Susie Abston. She grew up in Fort Worth and Houston. At an early age, she already wanted to be a physician. After finishing her secondary education at Austin High School in 1952, she obtained a degree at the Rice University in 1956. She then pursued her medical degree from the UTMB. After graduating in 1962, she immediately joined UTMB as the first woman surgical resident and, later on, member of the faculty. After her retirement in the field of medicine, she completed a substance abuse counselling programming at Galveston College. In Abston's honor, the Association of Women Surgeons Foundation established an award called The Dr. Sally Abston AWS Distinguished Member Award, recognizing her commitment to quality patient care and the welfare of medical students. Career. Abston taught at UTMB for 17 years and was also the director of its Blocker Burn Unit. She also worked for the Shriners Burns Hospital where she treated children. This hospital is noted for developing innovations covering burn care in children. Abston is credited for developing garment compression for burn treatment that improved the appearance of scars. She successfully demonstrated how to maintain body weight in children with serious burns through the consistent enteral feeding of milk. In a study with two other doctors involving children treated for burn injury, she identified burns as a silent epidemic in the United States. Abston was also cited as the pioneer in Ketamine anesthesia in the treatment of pediatric burn as well as the use of early excision and grafting in burn care. Abston died on August 27, 2008 in Galveston due to kidney failure and hypertension. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017673 Antonio Valdes Gonzalez-Roldan Antonio Valdes Gonzalez-Roldan (23 May 1926 - 10 October 2007) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Public Works of Spain between 1974 and 1976, during the Francoist dictatorship. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017690 Swimming at the 2020 Summer Paralympics - Mixed 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay S14 The mixed 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay S14 swimming event for the 2020 Summer Paralympics took place at the Tokyo Aquatics Centre on 28 August 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017704 2021 Stockholm Open The 2021 Stockholm Open was a professional men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 52nd edition of the tournament, and part of the ATP Tour 250 series of the 2021 ATP Tour. It took place at the Kungliga tennishallen in Stockholm, Sweden from 7 to 13 November 2021. Champions. Singles. Paul won his first ATP Tour title. Singles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: The following players received entry as lucky losers: Doubles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw: The following pairs received entry into the doubles main draw as alternates: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017708 Jacy Jayne Taylor Grado (born June 2, 1996) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where she performs on the NXT brand under the ring name Jacy Jayne, and is one-half of the current NXT Women's Tag Team Champions with Gigi Dolin in their first reign. She began her career under the name Avery Taylor. Before signing with WWE, Jayne had previously been signed to World Xtreme Wrestling (WXW). Professional wrestling career. Early career (2018-2020). Under the ring name Avery Taylor, Grado made her wrestling debut around May 30, 2018 in American Combat Wrestling (ACW). She went on to establish a career in the Florida wrestling promotions including ACW, Shine Wrestling, Evolve and Full Impact Pro. She became a three-time Women's Champion including two women's title reigns in American Combat Wrestling and a single women's title reign in World Xtreme Wrestling. WWE (2020-present). NXT (2020-present). Grado made her televised debut on the September 23 episode of "NXT" during which she competed in a Number One Contender Battle Royal won by Candice LeRae. It was reported as early as February 24, 2021, Grado signed with WWE. She made her debut under the new name Jacy Jayne on the July 20 episode of "NXT" in a match lost against Franky Monet. Toxic Attraction (2021-present). On the debut episode of "NXT 2.0" on September 14, Dolin and Jayne faced Carter and Catanzaro in a tag-team match, which ended in no contest after Rose interfered, during which she debuted a new dark-haired look, and they subsequently wrestled Carter, Catanzaro and Sarray in a six-woman tag team match, in which Rose, Dolin and Jayne emerged victorious. She quickly joined the women's stable Toxic Attraction led by Mandy Rose in 2021, thus establishing herself as a heel in the process. During the September 28 episode of "NXT 2.0", the group was represented in their first in-ring match by Gigi Dolin and Jayne, in a NXT Women's Tag Team title match won by Io Shirai #amp; Zoey Stark. At , Dolin and Jayne defeated Shirai and Stark, and Indi Hartwell and Persia Pirotta in a Scareway to Hell Ladder triple threat tag team match for the NXT Women's Tag Team Championship, marking the first championships for both Dolin and Jayne in the company. On the November 16 episode of "NXT 2.0", Jayne joined Gigi Dolin, Mandy Rose and Dakota Kai in a WarGames match at NXT WarGames 2021 to face Raquel Gonzalez, Kay Lee Ray, Cora Jade and Io Shirai. At the event, Toxic Attraction and Dakota Kai were defeated by Team Raquel. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017741 Elsie Gibbons Elsie May Gibbons (; May 23, 1903 - January 28, 2003) was a Canadian Liberal Party later Progressive Conservative Party politician and businessperson who was the first woman to be elected mayor of an municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec. She was elected to serve as mayor of the small village of Portage-du-Fort from 1953 to 1971 and again between 1975 and 1977. Gibbons oversaw the construction of a waterworks system, paving of all roads and sidewalks in the village, renovation of several buildings, development of leisure and sport facilities, and organisation of law and fire services. An award to honor an elected female politician in Quebec for their work in municipal politics was named for her. Biography. Early life and career. On May 23, 1903, Gibbons was born Elsie May Thacker, in Ottawa, Ontario, and she was brought up in the small majority English-speaking village of Portage-du-Fort, which is on the Ottawa River and is west of Ottawa. She was the granddaughter of the English-born George Thacker, who emigrated from Sheffield to Portage-du-Fort in the 1860s. She was a member of the Anglican Church of Canada, and she married Gordon Gibbons on October 25, 1920, with whom she had a son born in 1936. The family sold milk to a local cheese family to earn an income and Gibbons was a writer for the local Ontario newspapers, the "Pembroke Observer" and the "Renfrew Mercury". She also did sowing and working as a cook and maid for a successful Portage-du-Fort merchant. Following the burning down of their uninsured home, the Gibboneses sought one reliable income source to pay off their debts, and were employed to work on the "Hiram Robinson" steamship. Gibbons was paid $35 a month to work as a cook for eleven men and also knitted and did crochet on the steamship's upper deck. The two opened a small grocery store in Portage-du-Fort during 1930. Following the expiration of their governmental contract, Gibbons remained in the business world. Her business received extra attention when from 1948 to 1953 around 1200 Ontario Hydro workers were constructing the Chenaux Generating Station and Dam close to Portage-du-Fort. The Gibboneses constructed an upstairs apartment, built a restaurant and employed another four girls for assistance in late 1948. She earned extra money by levying 25 cents for a cashed cheque to be cashed in at nearby Renfrew, Ontario from workers because Portage-du-Fort did not have a bank. Mayoralty and later years. Gibbons accepted the offer to become mayor after she initially resisted persuasion from a large number of local citizens to do so. She was elected to the position for Portage-du-Fort by acclamation (and "in absentia") on May 13, 1953, replacing a former six-year mayor. Gibbons was officially sworn in a week later. This made her the first woman to be elected mayor of an municipality in the province of Quebec. Gibbons was deemed to be in the best position to persuade the provincial authorities to supply water to Portage-du-Fort because she was in retail. She discovered that the town had funds of less than $30 to pay for outstanding bills and the multiple projects she thought would modernize the town. Gibbons' administration saw her persuade villagers to vote for a water distribution system notwithstanding it would put the village in debt since the government did not frequently funding infrastructure projects of that type during this period. She was able to get a hold of $15,000 from Raymond Thomas Johnston, the local Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Union Nationale party, to begin construction. Gibbons received support from the local residents for her work. She also oversaw the construction of a waterworks system, had every road in the village paved, renovated sidewalks under a winter works program, renovated multiple buildings, developed leisure and sport facilities, organized a voluntary fire brigade, employed a fire chief, and law enforcement to the village during the weekends. She sold her store in 1956. Before her reelection to the mayoralty by acclamation because no other candidate ran against her before the closing of nominations in May 1957, Gibbons changed her federal political party allegiance from the Liberal Party of Canada to the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. She also served as warden of Pontiac County (today the Pontiac Regional County Municipality) between March 1959 and 1961. Gibbons was also an Anglican church organist from 1955 onwards, served on the Order of the Eastern Star, the Rebekahs and the Western Quebec Economic Council. In February 1967, she was elected the first female delegate to represent the St. George Anglican parish church at that year's Ottawa general synod. Gibbons also directed a local aged home and she was a member of the Perpetual Care committee for the local Protestant community. In November 1971, she was voted out of the office of mayor of Portage-du-Fort by a gap of seven ballots in an 104 to 97 vote in favour of her male opponent. Gibbons was elected as councillor in 1973 and was again elected mayor of Portage-du-Fort between 1975 and before leaving office in 1977. She was referred to the masculine title "Mayor of Portage-du-Fort, Mrs. Gordon Gibbons" from 1953 until it was changed to the feminine title "Lady Mayor, Elsie M. Gibbons" in 1959. Gibbons was the author and compiler of two albums focusing on her municipal political career and they are in the Pontiac Archives in Shawville, Quebec. On January 28, 2003, she died at Pontiac Community Hospital in Shawville. Her funeral took place on the afternoon of 30 January at St. George's Anglican Church, Portage-du-Fort and was buried at Portage du Fort Community Cemetery later in the year. Legacy. Maude-Emmanuelle Lambert in Gibbons' entry in "The Canadian Encyclopedia" wrote that the mayor "was a true pioneer in Quebec politics" even though she had a mostly local political life. Lambert noted Gibbons "is increasingly mentioned in government literature on women in politics" when the number of women mayors increased over the years. When the 75th anniversary of the women's suffage in Quebec was passed came about, the Quebec government paid tribute to her in September 2015 at the 2015 "Federation des municipalites du Quebec". The Federation Quebecoise des Municipalites created the Elsie-Gibbons Award in order to recognize women's work in municipal politics in March 2017. The accolade is awarded to an elected female individual "elected official whose commitment has fostered maintenance or progress with regard to the place of women in Quebec society and, in particular, within the municipal political sphere." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017771 La Luz del Porvenir La Luz del Porvenir (meaning "The Light of the Future" in English) was a radical feminist weekly magazine which was published in Spain in the period 1879-1900. The magazine was a representative of feminist branch of spiritualism and Fourierist resonances. It was one of the influential feminist magazines in the country. History and profile. "La Luz del Porvenir" was established by Amalia Domingo Soler in 1879. Full title was "La Luz del Porvenir: Semanario Espiritista". The first issue appeared on 22 May 1879 in Vila de Gracia in Barcelona with the support of the director of the La Buena Nueva Spiritist Center, Luis Llach. It was published by Juan Torrents on a weekly basis and adopted a spirist approach. The magazine appeared on Wednesdays and consisted of single-column eight pages with no visual material. Amalia Domingo Soler also directed the magazine which published her writings on women's rights and secularism. However, her name was not given in the masthead of the magazine. Nearly all contributors of the weekly were women. In addition to publishing articles "La Luz del Porvenir" acted as a fund-raising body for the poor and encouraged rationalist approaches to secular education. In May 1884 Juan Torrents transferred the ownership and administration of the magazine to Amalia Domingo Soler. After publishing its first three issues "La Luz del Porvenir" was suspended by the government for forty-two weeks due to the publication of an article entitled "The idea of God". Between 8 December 1898 and 24 August 1899 the magazine was also closed down. In May 1900 it folded and was merged with the magazine of the Kardecist Spiritist Union of Catalonia (Union Espiritista Kardecista de Cataluna) to form another magazine entitled "Luz y union" (meaning "Light and union" in English). The Spanish National Library digitized the issues of "La Luz del Porvenir" covering the years 1884-1888. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017783 Swimming at the 2020 Summer Paralympics - Mixed 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay 49pts The mixed 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay 49pts swimming event for the 2020 Summer Paralympics took place at the Tokyo Aquatics Centre on 31 August 2021. Competition format. Relay teams are based on a point score. The sport class of an individual swimmer is worth the actual number value i.e. sport class S6 is worth six points, sport class S12 is worth twelve points, and so on. The total of all the competitors must add up to 49 points or less. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017800 Sam Bennett (folk musician) Sam Bennett (1865 - 1951) was an English Morris dancer, fiddler and traditional singer from Ilmington, Warwickshire. He was visited by Cecil Sharp in 1909. Sharp studied the dances of Bennett's Morris dancing troupe, but was critical of some "new" elements of the dances, noting that the older dancers in the village performed one particular dance "exactly as Kimber dances it". He noted down some of Sam's songs including "Thorney Moor Woods" and "Admiral Benbow". Bennett collaborated with Mary Neal and Clive Carey around 1910, who recorded Ilmington dances in the Esperance Morris Book. In the 1930s, the American song collector James Madison Carpenter recorded Sam Bennett singing several old ballads, all of which can be heard online courtesy of the Vaughan Williams Memorial Library; these include Lord Bateman, Barbara Allen, Blow Away the Morning Dew, Lord Lovel and Our Goodman. Peter Kennedy recorded an 85 year old Bennett singing several songs in 1950; the full recording is available via the British Library Sound Archive. The Ilmington Morris Men credit Sam Bennett with the survival of their local tradition."I have played more than 100 tunes on the fiddle in an evening and know more than 40 songs, while the country dances I picked up from bands of old fiddlers as they were danced a quarter of a century ago'" (Sam Bennett, Stratford-upon-Avon Herald 18 Aug 1910). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017804 Li (cookware) Li () is a kind of cookware in ancient China, used for cooking and heating. Ceramic Li appeared in the late Neolithic Age, and bronze Li was popular from the Shang Dynasty to the Spring and Autumn Period. In the late Warring States period, with the popularity of stoves, it was gradually replaced by kettles. Li appeared in the late Neolithic period and was still very popular until the Shang and Zhou dynasties. Its shape was mostly extravagant mouth, round belly, three bag-shaped feet, and some necks had double ears. Its shape was mostly extravagant mouth, round belly, three bag-shaped feet, and some necks had double ears. It is cooked directly on fire. The shape of the Li is similar to that of the tripod. In the middle and late Western Zhou Dynasty, Li was prevalent, and they were often buried in groups, and the size, shape, and inscriptions of a group of bronze Li were roughly the same. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017812 Downham Market Town Hall Downham Market Town Hall is a municipal building in Bridge Street, Downham Market, Norfolk, England. The structure, which is managed by Downham Market Town Council, is a Grade II listed building. History. Following their appointment in 1835, the first municipal building procured by the improvement commissioners in Downham Market was a courthouse on London Road in 1861. They then decided to commission a new civic building, which was financed by public subscription, to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria; the site they selected was on the west side of the Market Square. The new building was designed by John Johnson in the Renaissance Revival style, built by Bennett Brothers in yellow brick and brown carrstone at a cost of PS1,730 and was officially opened by the member of parliament, William Tyssen-Amherst, on 20 October 1887. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with five bays facing onto the Market Square; the central bay featured a doorway with a fanlight flanked by square Doric order columns supporting a cornice and a balustraded balcony. On the first floor, there was a central round-headed French door, while the other bays were fenestrated by square-headed windows on the ground floor and round headed windows on the first floor. At roof level, there was a balustrade, a panel inscribed with the words "Town Hall" and a central gable containing a shield and a stone inscribed with the date of construction. On the north side of the building there was a short tower with a mansard roof and a weather vane. Internally, the principal rooms were an assembly hall, a corn exchange, a library and a reading room. The local literary institute, which had been established in 1865 following a gift by Edward Stanley, 15th Earl of Derby, occupied the library and reading room following completion of the town hall. Following significant growth in the population, largely associated with the status of Downham Market as a market town, the area became an urban district in 1894. The town hall continued to serve as the headquarters of the urban district council for much of the 20th century but ceased to be the local seat of government when the enlarged King's Lynn and West Norfolk District Council was formed in 1974. Downham Market Town Council took over management of the building in 2008 and carried out a programme of refurbishment works, which included the installation of a lift, in 2013. The Downham Market Heritage Centre, which had been established as a local history museum on the first floor of the town hall in the early 21st century, rapidly outgrew its accommodation and relocated to the old fire station in Priory Road in March 2016. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017828 Manuel Pinto de Sousa Dantas Manuel Pinto de Sousa Dantas (Inhambupe, 21 February 1831 - Rio de Janeiro, 29 January 1894) was a lawyer, politician and Prime Minister of Brazil from 1884-1885, noted for his efforts to reform slavery. Early life and career. He earned a degree in law from the Faculdade de Direito do Recife in 1851. He began his political life in the Conservative Party, allied with the slave trader Joao Mauricio Vanderlei, Baron of Cotegipe, but transferred to the Liberal Party, in which he became an important leader. He was governor of Alagoas and Bahia, deputy (1857-1868), senator (1878), state councilor (1879), minister of Agriculture, Justice, Finance, Foreign Affairs and President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister) (1884). Prime minister. Manuel Pinto de Souza Dantas organized and presided over the 32nd Cabinet, governing the country from 1884 to 1885. He was at the same time Minister of Finance as well as, temporarily, Foreign Minister. The main achievement of his government was the great impulse he gave to abolitionism, an idea that went beyond the simple manumission of slaves. It embraced a wider agenda of social reform, agrarian reform and the democratization of education. In 1884, faced by demands for more decisive action in slavery, Emperor Pedro II appointed him to seek a solution. The senator had the friendship and talent of deputy Ruy Barbosa, whom he invited to join the new Cabinet. The Constitution, however, determined that, as a deputy, when Barbosa gave up his seat in the Assembly, he had to submit to a new election and, if defeated, he would lose his mandate and his portfolio. In conflict with the slave owners and the Church, Barbosa could not be sure of re-election and was left out of the ministry. However, he continued to collaborate with Sousa Dantas, with whom he had started his legal career. Sousa Dantas commissioned Barbosa to write "Bill48 A", which became known as the Dantas Bill, based on the senator's ideas. The Dantas Bill. The Dantas Bill began by defining some guidelines for emancipation: by the age of the slave; for the omission of registration; and for transgression of the slave's legal domicile. By setting an upper age limit of 60 for slaves, without providing any type of compensation to owners, whose slaves were then emancipated, it unleashed a wave of protests even before the bill was presented to the Chamber. Basing emancipation on the omission of enrollment was apparently harmless. But, in fact, by forcing all slaves to be re-registered and identified in detail within a year, it would represent the almost immediate release of all those under the age of fourteen based on the " Law of the free womb". Those brought to Brazil after the prohibition of trafficking in 1831, or who were the children of smuggled slaves, were also to be declared free. The bill also prohibited change of domicile, thereby preventing provinces such as Ceara and Amazonas from selling blacks slaves to large centers of slave labor in the southeast of the country. One of the biggest innovations however, was the provision of assistance to the those who were freed, through the establishment of agricultural colonies for the unemployed. It also determined rules for a gradual transfer of leased land from the State to ex-slaves who would cultivate it, making them its owners. With all these bold proposals, the Dantas Bill caused a lot of controversy. It divided the liberals and provoked the wrath of conservatives and slavers. Facing a motion of no confidence, but with the support of the Emperor, the Dantas Cabinet dissolved the Assembly and called new elections. They were the most violent in the history of the Empire, and produced a majority supported by the great slavers. Failing to get support, the Dantas Cabinet fell and the Emperor appointed Jose Antonio Saraiva to deal with the question of slavery. Saraiva introduced fundamental changes to the bill, which ended up being approved by a third Cabinet, that of Cotegipe. In its final form the Saraiva-Cotegipe Law was much narrower in scope than Sousa Dantas' original bill. Bill B of 1887. In June 1887, after leaving the position of President of the Council of Ministers, Dantas drafted a bill to free slaves. Bill B of 1887, as it became known, would have provided for the settlement of families of ex-slaves along the railways of the Empire, as part of a process of agrarian reform. The bill drew heavily on the Dantas Bill of 1884 and was signed jointly with 12 other liberal senators, among them the Visconde de Ouro Preto, the , , Lafayette Rodrigues Pereira, and . Despite being rejected by the Senate, the bill strengthened the abolitionist movement, and promoted politicians such as Joaquim Nabuco, Andre Reboucas and even Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil to later argue for the settlement of ex-slave families. Later career. Under the First Brazilian Republic, he was appointed president of Banco do Brasil (1889), a post he held until his death. Family. Soysa Dantas was the father of Rodolfo Epifanio de Souza Dantas, who succeeded him as Minister of Justice, and grandfather of the diplomat Luis Martins de Souza Dantas. His cousin was the Conservative senator . 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017831 Samuel Hall (inventor) Samuel Hall (baptised 1782 - 21 November 1863) was an English inventor and engineer. Life. Hall was the second son of Robert Hall, cotton manufacturer and bleacher, of Basford, Nottingham, where he was baptised on 17 March 1782. He was an elder brother of Marshall Hall, the physiologist. He took out patents in 1817 and 1823 for "gassing" lace and net, which consisted in passing the fabric rapidly through a row of gas flames, all the loose fibres being thus removed without damage to the lace. The process exercised an important influence upon the lace trade of Nottingham. It brought much wealth to the inventor, but he unfortunately dissipated his fortune in bringing out other inventions. In 1838 Hall patented his "surface condenser", in which the steam is condensed by passing it through a number of small tubes cooled on the outside. It was chiefly intended for use at sea, and it was hoped that the difficulties attending the presence of salt in boilers would be obviated by charging them with fresh water at the start of a voyage and then recycling it. The invention was extensively tried out. In 1842 Sir Edward Parry reported on behalf of the Admiralty that six of Hall's condensers had been fitted in steam packets; that they had given two to six years' service, but had then been removed, because their complexity made them difficult to keep in order. However, the principle of tubular condensers has subsequently been used generally for cooling purposes. His other patents, which number twenty in all, relate chiefly to steam engines and boilers. He died on 21 November 1863 in very reduced circumstances, in Tredegar Square, Bow. References. Attribution 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017832 Kakatiya architecture Kakatiya architecture of 1163-1323 CE was a notable Vesara temple building architecture developed during the rule of the Kakatiya dynasty 1163-1323 CE, in the region known today as eastern Deccan comprising Telangana and Andhra Pradesh states of India. The Kakatiya architecture is more significant in Hanamakonda -- their first capital and Warangal being their second capital. Most of the Kakatiya architecture is influenced from Chalukya architecture a fusion of Dravidian architecture and Nagara Bhumija styles in which sandbox technology is used to construct Vimana--horizontal stepped tower. There are hundreds of monuments in the core of Hanamakonda and Warangal of which Thousand Pillar Temple, Ramappa Temple, Ramappa Lake, Warangal Fort and Kota Gullu are prominent, among which Ramappa Temple, also known as the Rudreshwara temple, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located in Mulugu, from Warangal, from Hyderabad. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017837 Agnes Kraidy Agnes Kraidy (born February 10, 1965) is an Ivorian magazine editor and journalist. Since April 2014, she has been the President of the Network of Women Journalists and Communication in Ivory Coast. Biography. In 1989, Kraidy was the first woman to join the editing staff of the Ivorian newspaper "Fraternite Matin". Now the paper's editor-in-chief, she is also editor of the women's magazine "Femme d'Afrique". She has interviewed several celebrities on television, including Presidents Laurent Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara and Prime Minister Guillaume Soro. Keen to improve the role of women in her country, in 2013 Kraidy provided details to the World Bank on the practical problems women were subjected to. This led to the report "Etre femme en Cote d'Ivoire : quelles strategies d'autonomisation?" (Being a woman in Cote d'Ivoire : empowerment challenges). In 2004, Kraidy published her first book "19 septembre : chroniques d'une guerre vaincue", consisting of ten patriotic editorials written between 2002 and 2004 on the First Ivorian Civil War. Later publications include "Une journaliste et un pretre en dialogue sur l'Afrique" (2012) and "Tu me fous les boules ! Vaincre le cancer!" in 2016, on fighting breast cancer. On 8 March 2021, in connection with International Women's Day, a ceremony in honour of Agnes Kraidy was organized by the Maison du textile which selects a deserving woman each year. She was presented with a cheque for 3.5 million francs which would help her to support the Femmes dynamiques de Bonoua, an association in which she has been involved. She expressed her own feelings about feminism stating: "Being a woman means fighting for ensuring femininity and not trying to become a man." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017856 CN08 120 mm gun The CN08 is a 120 mm 55-caliber smoothbore gun designed by Agency for Defense Development and Hyundai Wia. It is often confused that it was developed with a based on Rheinmetall Rh-120 L55, but it was jointly developed by the Agency for Defense Development and Hyundai Wia from 2003 to 2008 for XK-2 tank development project started in 1995. Description. The CN08 is the main armament of the K2 Black Panther. The CN08 120mm L/55 smoothbore gun is applied with Internal chrome plating technology for large-caliber gun. A large-caliber gun can endure a high explosive force as a result of the increased stiffness and wear resistance provided by this internal hard chromium surface. The top of the thermal sleeve of the gun barrel is mounted with a dynamic muzzle reference system (DMRS). This dynamic muzzle reference system allows the shell to accurately hit the target even when the tank moves or shakes. This 120 mm gun consists of a hydropneumatic recoil system and an auto-closing system and is complemented by an autoloader, it can fire up to 10 rounds a minute. The chamber pressure of the main gun is , and muzzle velocity is . It depends on the type of ammunition, but the effective firing range of the main gun is . Ammunition. A list of ammunition that can be used in CN08 120 mm gun. Export. Turkey. On July 29 2008, Hyundai Rotem and Otokar signed a contract for design assistance and technology transfer for the Altay Tank Development Project. This contract includes design support and technology transfer for systems, armor package, and 120 mm guns required for Altay tank development. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017859 Golpogulo Amader Golpogulo Amader (transl. The stories of us) is a Bangladeshi Bengali language television drama series that premiered on NTV on 8 December 2017 on and ended on 29 June 2018 completing 57 episodes. Two episodes were aired on each Thursday and Friday in a week. It is the first television series directed by Mizanur Rahman Aryan Plot. The plot of the drama serial is about stories of love and separation. An elderly couple Akbar and Ayesha running a restaurant. Most of the customers are couples in the restaurant. They always notice the relationship and live between each couple in the restaurant. They try to fix relationships which are broken. Music. The title track of the series is written and sung by Minar Rahman and theme music is composed by Sajid Sarkar. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017863 Doumergue Agreement The Doumergue Agreement was a secret 1917 agreement between France and Russia concerning their war aims in World War I. Gaston Doumergue, the French Minister for Colonies, visited Petrograd and negotiated the agreement on 3 February 1917 with Tsar Nicholas II and the Russian officials. According to the agreement, France would regain Alsace-Lorraine in its boundaries of 1790 and 'the entire coal district of the Saar valley'. It further stipulated that France would secure the Left Bank of the Rhine by organizing into neutral buffer states under French occupation those parts of the region that will not be annexed by France outright. In exchange, France promised Russia to support Russian annexations in Poland at the expense of the Central Powers. The terms of the agreement were set in writing in a letter exchange between Maurice Paleologue, the French Ambassador to Russia, and Nikolai Pokrovsky, the Russian foreign minister, on 14 February 1917. The agreement was approved by the French prime minister, Aristide Briand, but not disclosed to other members of his cabinet. It is unlikely that a majority of ministers would have approved the pact as it was too expansionist. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017930 Conversations (software) Conversations is a free software, instant messaging client application software for Android. It is largely based on recognized open standards such as the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) and Transport Layer Security (TLS). The development focus is on secure communication and implementation of XMPP extensions that are important for mobile use. The trade press praised the decentralized and open nature of the transmission network and simple, intuitive usability with user guidance familiar from other applications. It enjoys recognition as a serious attempt to raise the mass suitability of XMPP-based messaging to a competitive level. The source code of the software is maintained at GitHub, and is subject to the terms of version 3 of the GNU General Public License (GPL). The application can be installed for free (or with donations) using F-Droid, or for a fee in the Google Play store. Google recorded over 100,000 installations as of November 2020. Features. Conversations includes optional end-to-end encryption (OpenPGP or OMEMO), and in-transit encryption (Transport Layer Security). The latter must be configured by the server computers involved in the messaging. Conversations allows users to have multiple client devices (endpoints) logged into an account simultaneously (through XMPP), and also delivers messages to multiple client devices (synchronization) using the protocol extension "Message Carbons" ("carbon copies", XEP-0280). Files, also encrypted, can be sent between users. Transmitted images are displayed in the conversation view as inline image messages. As an XMPP client, Conversations can exchange messages with other, different XMPP client software, in principle, and is also not tied to a particular vendor's server infrastructure. The following features are also included: Implemented XMPP extension protocols. Conversations handles many XMPP extension protocols (XEP, official extensions of XMPP). History. In the wake of the Edward Snowden disclosures in June 2013, and Facebook's buyout of WhatsApp in February 2014, "secure" messengers for mobile devices were gaining popularity. Initial Conversations source code was contributed to the public repository on January 24, 2014, and the first official version, 0.1, was released on March 24, 2014. Conversations soon received positive feedback. Conversations was added to Google Play later in spring 2014, and to the alternative Android software repository F-Droid with version 0.1.3 on April 6, 2014. Since version 0.2, released on May 12, image messages (file transfers, in plain text or OpenPGP-encrypted) are supported, from version 0.4 (June 30) also OTR-encrypted. Version 1.0 followed on February 1, 2015. Developer Andreas Straub participated in the Google Summer of Code for Conversations in 2015. This produced drafts of a new end-to-end encryption standard (OMEMO), which were submitted to the XMPP Standards Foundation (XSF) for standardization. As of version 2.0.0, the ability to use Off-the-Record Messaging (OTR) for encryption has been removed. Furthermore, OMEMO is now enabled by default in individual chats and private group chats. Version 2.2.0 implemented previously optional extensions to record voice messages and share location in Conversations in May 2018. Version 2.3.0 introduced support for TLS 1.3 in September 2018. Version 2.8 introduced encrypted audio and video calls in April 2020. Quicksy. The offshoot instant messenger, Quicksy, was also created by Daniel Gultsch. Users of this client open an account at the host quicksy.im, where the username consists of the phone number. This enables a contact search for other users of the app using the contacts list or phone book. This is intended to lower the barrier to entry into the XMPP (Jabber) network. Quicksy users can also communicate with XMPP users on other hosts. Reception. The Free Software Foundation includes Conversations in their software directory. In an analysis of Conversations and Xabber apps, researchers found "forensic artefacts" (sic) could be found on an Android device including local user, contacts and body of messages sent or received using the app, as plaintext in the main database maintained by the app. In a 2020 review, Decentralize Today said "XXMP and Conversations has the potential to be an excellent and super secure messenger if you host it yourself," but "problems could emerge when you use XMPP with contacts who are on different servers." Anticapitalist webhost company, Autistici, wrote detailed setup instructions for Conversations for their XMPP service. CopperheadOS developers recommend Conversations. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017941 Hugh Archer (#quot;Sagette#quot;) Captain Hugh Edward Murray Archer, DSO, RN, (15 August 1879 - 30 December 1931) was a British naval officer and spy. In 1912, Hugh Archer and his father Walter Archer were recruited as agents by Mansfield Smith-Cumming, the first director of the Secret Intelligence Service, who gave them the codenames "Sagette" and "Sage", to spy on German ships in Norwegian and Danish waters. Life and career. In 1894, Archer entered the Royal Navy. Promoted to lieutenant in 1902, he swerved in the battleship HMS Empress of India and HMS Majestic. He specialised in navigation, and was navigating officer of the cruiser HMS Iphigenia in 1906. From 1908, he was the first and navigating lieutenant of the cruiser HMS Perseus in the East Indies. He retired in 1910, but rejoined the active list on the outbreak of World War 1 in 1914, and was appointed for minesweeping duties at Sheerness Dockyard. Later he was appointed to the HMS Attentive, parent ship at Dover Patrol and he was one of four minesweeping officers under the orders of Sir Reginald Bacon who were commended in the Admiral's book on the Dover Patrol. Archer was promoted to acting commander and received the Distinguished Service Order in July 1916 in recognition of his services with ships of the Auxiliary Patrol. After the armistice he was appointed to the Minesweeping Division (Royal Navy). He was confirmed in the rank of Commander with effect from 11 November 1918 and in August 1924 he was promoted to Captain on the retired list. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017943 Abdullahwa (House of Abdullah) The Abdullahwa also known as Banu Abdullah or Muallimawa is a noble house and royal family in Kano Emirate, Northern Region of Nigeria that forms part of the Nigerian Chieftaincy system, the family is a branch of the house of Aliyawa that descents from the noble House of Maiduniya and House of Banu Gha, the Abdullahwa emerged in the 19th century from inter-marriages between the Madinawa, Jobawa, Toronkawa, and Hausawa clans, the word Abdullahwa was derived from the name of the progenitor of the noble family Abdullahi Aliyu Sumaila. History. The Abdullahwa are descendants of the scholarly and Noble houses of Aliyawa, Maiduniya and Banu Gha of the Madinawa clan (Madanis the people of Medina), descendants of Imam Ghali (Malam Gha), some members of the noble scholarly clan claimed descent from the Banu Hashim clan of the Quraysh, through Sharif ibn Ali, Hasan ibn Ali and the Islamic prophet Muhammad, members of the clan identify themselves as Arabs, Fulani, Hausa, Hausa-Fulani or Hausa-Fulani Arabs depending on their cultural assimilation, they are called Madinawa Malamai in reference to Medina, the city they claim to originate from, the claim of descent from the Arab tribe and the prophet is common in scholarly lineages throughout Northern Nigeria and the Sahara. The Abdullahwa have a descent from the royal Jobawa Fulani clan, the clan produces one of the Kingmakers in the Kano Emirate with the title of Makaman Kano, members of the clan also hold titles of District Heads and Village Heads in some Local Governments in Kano State, the clan initially resided at Utai in Wudil Local Government before settling in other places in Kano State. During the reign of Sarkin Kano Aliyu Babba he appointed Sarkin Takai Umaru Dan Maisaje as Makaman Kano whose link with the Jobawa is through his father's mother Habiba, the sister of Malam Bakatsine, setting aside the traditional requisite of agnatic descent, resulting in a precedence being established for the descendants of the Jobawa clan with paternal or maternal descent to aspire to be appointed as Makaman Kano. The members of the Abdullahwa are a Sub-clan that have a descent from the Torankawa clan (Torodbe), the clan that leads the Sokoto Caliphate holding the title of Sultan of Sokoto and Amir al-Mu'minin, of the Fulani Empire (consisting of the Fulbe Jihad States of which Sokoto was the headquarters). The Torankawa clan are partly Arabs and partly Fulani as stated by Abdullahi dan Fodio, brother of Usman dan Fodio who claimed that their clan of Torankawa are part Fulani, and part Arabs, the Torankawa claimed to descent from the Arabs through Uqba ibn Nafi who was an Arab Muslim of the Umayyad branch of the Quraysh, and hence, a member of the family of the Prophet, Uqba ibn Nafi allegedly married a Fulani woman called Bajjumangbu through which the Torodbe family of Usman dan Fodio descended. Caliph Muhammed Bello the son of Usman dan Fodio in his book Infaq al-Mansur claimed descent from Prophet Muhammad through his paternal grandmother's lineage called Hawwa (mother of Usman dan Fodio), Alhaji Muhammadu Junaidu, Wazirin Sokoto, a scholar of Fulani history, restated the claims of Shaykh Abdullahi bin Fodio in respect of the Danfodio family been part Arabs and part Fulani, while Ahmadu Bello in his autobiography written after independence replicated Caliph's Muhammadu Bello claim of descent from the Arabs through Usman Danfodio's mother, taking the historical account the family of Shehu dan Fodio are partly Arabs and partly Fulani who culturally assimilated with the Hausas and can be described as Hausa-Fulani Arabs. Prior to the beginning of the 1804 Jihad the category Fulani was not important for the Torankawa (Torodbe), their literature reveals the ambivalence they had defining Torodbe-Fulani relationships. They adopted the language of the Fulbe and much ethos while maintaining a separate identity. The Toronkawa clan at first recruited members from all levels of Sudani society, particularly the poorer people. Toronkawa clerics included people whose origin was Fula, Wolof, Mande, Hausa and Berber. However, they spoke the Fula language, married into Fulbe families, and became the Fulbe scholarly caste. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017954 Cyperus pernambucensis Cyperus pernambucensis is a species of sedge that is endemic to north eastern Brazil. The species was first formally described by the botanist Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel in 1854. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69017970 Betty Palaso Betty Palaso is the Ambassador of Papua New Guinea (PNG) to the Philippines. Prior to that appointment, she headed PNG's Internal Revenue Commission. Early life. Betty Palaso was born in the Manus Province of Papua New Guinea. Her father was a missionary and she travelled with him to several locations in the country, living in rural areas. She obtained an undergraduate degree in economics from the University of Papua New Guinea in Port Moresby. Career. After graduation, Palaso joined the Department of the Treasury and Finance as a graduate economist. In a 2016 interview she recalled her trepidation at being required, as a very junior officer, to negotiate with delegations from organizations such as the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, and how the responsibility at a young age had a positive effect on her. She was subsequently promoted to assistant secretary within the Department. Palaso joined the Internal Revenue Commission in 1999. She was appointed Commissioner-General of the Commission in November 2007. When she left the post in 2018, a lounge for taxpayers in the Commission's building was named after her. During part of her time with the Commission, she was also one of the eight members of the Board of the Bank of Papua New Guinea. In September 2018 she was appointed as PNG's Ambassador to the Philippines, presenting her credentials to President Rodrigo Duterte in March of the following year. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018003 Academie d'Or des Archers Academie d'Or des Archers (in English: Golden Academy of Archers), shortly AOA or Archers, is a Burkinabe basketball club based in Ougadougou. The club is an academy with several teams in the boys and girls junior level. Its men's team plays in the highest national championship. On August 21, 2021, the Archers won the Burkinabe national championship after defeating AS Sonabhy in the final. As a result, the team qualified to play in the 2022 qualifying tournaments of the Basketball Africa League (BAL). Honours. Burkinabe Championship Burkinabe SuperCup 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018016 A World Without A World Without is a 2021 Indonesian film directed by Nia Di Nata, written by Nia Di Nata and NataLucky Kuswandi and starring Amanda Rawles, Maizura Maizura and Asmara Abigail. Synopsis. Netflix's A World Without is a dystopian sci-fi drama. The film is directed and written by Nia Dinata and Lucky Kuswandi. Set in 2030, ten years after the pandemic strikes. It's a story of three best friends, Salina (Amanda Rowles), Ulfah (Maizura), and Tara (Asmara Abigail), who successfully enter a dystopian organization The Light where after about a year of development they are to marry their perfect partner at the young age of 17. The organization is lead by the charismatic leader Ali Khan (Chicco Jericho). The Light offers more of a futuristic world that empowers the younger generation with the goal to have them be the best version of who they are. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018026 2021 Kaohsiung building fire In the early morning hours of , at , a fire broke out in a 13 floor building at Fubei Road in Yancheng District, Kaohsiung, a city in southwestern Taiwan. At least 46 people were killed, and 41 others were injured. The fire was extinguished after about four and a half hours. The cause of the fire is under investigation, although piles of debris left around the building may have complicated rescue efforts and helped fuel the fire. It is the deadliest fire in the city's history, and the deadliest building fire in Taiwan since 1995, when a karaoke bar in Taichung in central Taiwan caught fire, killing 64 people and overall the third-deadliest fire in the history of Taiwan. Background. The Cheng Chung Cheng Building (), built around 1981, is a 13-floor commercial and residential building, one of many apartment buildings in the Yancheng District, an older section of Kaohsiung. The mayor of Kaohsiung Chen Chi-mai stated that the building had previously housed a cinema, as well as restaurants and karaoke lounges, but was partially abandoned at the time of the fire, save for around 120 households. Officials also stated that the building was 40 years old, and that a few shops were located in the lower levels. Two underground floors were not being used, and the first to fifth floors were abandoned. About 120 households lived between the seventh and eleventh floors. Fire chief Lee Ching-hsiu stated that most of the residents were elderly and either suffering from physical ailments or dementia. The apartments were as small as , and many residents lived alone. The tower had suffered another fire earlier in its lifetime, in 1999. This earlier fire had occurred during daylight hours, and firefighters were able to rescue 28 people that were trapped in the building, resulting in no deaths. Locals called the tower "Kaohsiung's No. 1 ghost building". Fire extinguishers had only been installed the month prior, with only three per floor due to lack of funds. In 2007, Apple Daily reported that the abandoned theatre in the building had become a meeting spot for gay men to engage in sexual activities. Urban explorers visiting in 2014 wrote that several sewer pipes in the building's upper floor had burst and that the lower floors were occupied by squatters. Fire. The city's fire department stated that the fire was first reported at . It is believed by authorities that the fire first broke out, reportedly at 02:45, at a tea-shop on the ground floor of the building. A survivor said she opened her door and saw black smoke everywhere, and other residents stated they heard a loud bang concurrent with that of an explosion before the fire was discovered. Some 159 firefighters responded to the fire with 75 fire vehicles. Chief Lee stated that because the lower floors had high ceilings and a front made of glass, the fire rose up rapidly, eventually reaching up to the 6th floor, and filling the floors above with smoke. By midday at least 62 people had been evacuated from the building, aged between 8 and 83 years-old. Lee reported that the fire had been extinguished by 07:17NST. More than 377 rescue workers were deployed to the scene and the rescue is ongoing. While the cause of the fire was not reported immediately, the large amount of debris and clutter in the building reportedly helped spread the fire and added to its intensity. The debris and clutter also impeded the search and rescue and evacuation efforts as many points of access were blocked. Hours after the fire, smoke could still be seen, and the sound of glass breaking was heard around the building. Casualties. A total of 46 people died and a further 41 were injured. The fire bureau noted that the average age of the deceased was 62. Initially, only seven people were reported dead by authorities, but the number grew throughout the night. Thirty-two people were declared deceased at the scene of the fire and sent directly to the morgue, while an additional 14 were sent to the hospital with no signs of life and declared dead there. According to Chief Lee, the number of casualties was expected to rise, as some victims were still believed to be trapped between the 7th and 11th floors. Lee also noted that most of the casualties were caused by smoke inhalation and added that one reason why the casualty count was so high was because the fire happened during the early morning hours, while people were still asleep. Three of the people who had died were Mainland Chinese citizens formerly married to Taiwanese nationals. Investigation. Authorities have also ordered an investigation to determine the cause of the fire, and have not ruled out the possibility of arson. The police have summoned four witnesses for the investigation. A man surnamed Kuo and a woman surnamed Huang were detained by the Kaohsiung District Prosecutors' Office. After questioning, Kuo was granted bail. Aftermath. President Tsai Ing-wen asked authorities to help relocate those affected. Kaohsiung city councilors called for fire safety to be improved throughout the city, including investigations of old buildings, amending safety standards, and equipment and infrastructure upgrades. Tsai visited the site of the fire on 16 October 2021, and pledged that her administration would improve fire safety and aid urban renewal. Kaohsiung mayor Chen Chi-mai stated that the city government would pay medical fees for the injured, and aid the people that the fire forced to move. The Taipei City Government subsequently announced that new fire safety laws were to go into effect in January 2022, while members of the Taichung City Council pushed for a report to be made on the city's older structures, and Tainan mayor Huang Wei-cher ordered inspections of fifty buildings. On 15 October 2021, a Taoist prayer was held at the site of the fire, and that day's Legislative Yuan session opened with a moment of silence. Kaohsiung mayor Chen Chi-mai accepted the resignation of Fire Bureau chief Lee Ching-hsiu and Public Works Bureau Director-General Su Chih-hsun on 26 October 2021. Scheduled demolition. In November 2021, a team of civil engineers and architects inspected the burnt-out building, and determined it was no longer structurally sound, and its interior conditions were a threat to public safety. They recommended that the building be demolished. The city government has proposed replacing the demolished building with a public park and memorial. The building has a complex ownership structure, with property rights divided amongst hundreds of shareholders, some of whom have publicly opposed the demolition. It appears the government will buy them out at above-market rates, allowing demolition to proceed on December 17, 2021. Former residents have been given notice that all recoverable belongings must be moved out of the building before then. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018057 Haris Azhar Haris Azhar (July 10, 1975--) is an Indonesian human rights activist. He served as the coordinator of the Commission for the Disappeared and Victims of Violence (KontraS) during 2010-2016. He is also a founder of the Jakarta-based NGO, Lokataru. Biography. Haris Azhar was born in Jakarta. He has ethnic backgrounds of Indian, Banjarese, and Makassarese. During his undergraduate years at Trisakti University, Haris was active in student organizations and campus activism. Especially in the final years of the Suharto regime in 1997-1998, Haris joined the student demonstrations to demand the resignation of President Suharto. Haris graduated from Trisakti University in 1999. Later, he received the Master of Art from the University of Essex in 2010. Activism. Haris is known for his activism through a Jakarta-based NGO, Commission for the Disappeared and Victims of Violence (KontraS) since 1999. Initially, he played a role in the division of advocacy, and then became a member of the Bureau of Supervision and Research, and later served as the head of the Bureau of Research, Investigation, and Database. Since 2010 he was promoted to the coordinator of the organization. He served the position until 2016. Notably, during his KontraS years, Haris made a public statement on the alleged involvement of the Indonesian Armed Forces and Indonesian National Police in drug trafficking business by the convicted drug trader Freddy Budiman. As a result of this statement, Azhar was reported to police for alleged defamation on August 2, 2016. After finishing his term at KontraS, he founded a new NGO called Lokataru, also an NGO for human rights advocacy. He co-founded Lokataru together with Eryanto Nugroho, Sri Suparyati, Nurkholis Hidayat, Atnike Sigiro, Iwan Nurdin, and Mufti Makarim. Since then, he has been serving as the executive director of the organization. Lokataru is active in making public statements towards incidents related to human rights and also providing legal assistance to the victim of human rights violations. Lokataru provided legal assistance to some high-profile clients, for example, Rocky Gerung. In September 2021, Haris and his fellow KontraS activist Fatia Maulidiyanti became targets of Luhut Binsar Pandjaitan, the Coordinating Minister for Maritime and Investments Affairs, for alleged defamation. Luhut filed a police report to the Jakarta Metropolitan Police after Haris and Fatia made comments in Haris' YouTube video regarding Luhut's affiliation with the mining businesses in Intan Jaya Regency, Papua Province. Luhut's legal action against the activists was slammed by the academics as an assault to the freedom of expression. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018084 Joseph Breslin Joseph Francis Breslin (May 21, 1950 - June 28, 1982) was an American serial killer. A former mental patient with a record for murder in Pennsylvania and an attempted murder, he was sought after for a 1982 double murder in his hometown of San Luis Obispo, California, but before he could be caught, he was fatally wounded in a gunfight with sheriffs and several campers in Jackpot, Nevada. He was driven to a hospital in Twin Falls, Idaho, where he subsequently succumbed to his injuries. Background. A native of Philadelphia born on May 21, 1950, Breslin reportedly had a history of mental illness, for which he spent time in two separate mental institutions in Pennsylvania during the 1960s. While residing there, he killed a fellow patient in 1968 and attacked a nurse, but due to confidentiality, these incidents were covered up and details were never released. At some point in 1975, he was transferred to the California Men's Colony, where he became acquainted with Douglas Cain, his cellmate. Two years later, under unclear circumstances, he shot a man in the head with a shotgun, but the victim miraculously survived. After accepting a plea deal with the prosecutors, his charges were reduced to assault with a deadly weapon, and he was given a 3-year prison term. After serving out his sentence, Breslin returned to San Luis Obispo. Double murder, escape and death. On the night between June 23 and 24, 1982, Breslin went to the apartment of 37-year-old Linda Sue Cain, the wife of the mental patient he had befriended in the California Men's Colony years prior. Once he was allowed inside, for unclear reasons, he proceeded to stab to death Cain and then strangle her 8-year-old daughter, Desiree. He then moved their bodies to the bathroom, leaving behind a penned letter full of incoherent rambling, profanities and his apparent desire to end his life. Breslin then stole Cain's car and headed towards Nevada. While passing through the state, Breslin crashed the car in a ditch near Jackpot. Unable to continue forward, he hitched a ride to the nearby Little Salmon Creek camping area, where he was provided aid by campers and told to stay put until police arrived. A sheriff's deputy, 49-year-old Denny Lawrence, was notified of the incident and drove to the area, and after locating the car, he drove to the rest area to check on the driver. After confirming that he had no injuries, Lawrence went to file an accident form and to check the man's driver's license on the hood of his car, when Breslin suddenly got up, walked up behind him and shot him in the back of the head with his .22 caliber pistol, which he had concealed with a blanket. While the shot was not fatal, Lawrence was left in critical condition, while Breslin took his revovler and started firing both guns at the campers, apparently intent on killing them all. After fleeing into their camper vans, two unnamed brothers got their own firearms and returned fire upon Breslin, hitting him four times in the chest and once in the leg. Once he fell to the ground, the bystanders called an ambulance, which transported both Breslin and Lawrence to separate hospitals in nearby Idaho. Breslin was transported to the Magic Valley Memorial Hospital in Twin Falls, but died from his injuries on June 28, 1982. In contrast, Lawrence, who had been transported to the St. Alphonsus Hospital in Boise, was left comatose for several days, but ultimately survived his injuries, albeit left permanently disabled until his death in 2012. While examining his body, a letter was found on his body, in which Breslin proclaimed that it was his "New Year's resolution" to be dead before 1983, and that his body should be thrown into a river. After checking the registration on Breslin's car, Nevada authorities discovered that it was registered to Linda Cain, who had been killed along with her daughter a week before the shootings. Surmising that the incidents were linked, citing the similarly written letters and the fact that Breslin knew his victims, the cases were officially closed. However, no motive for Breslin's crimes was ever established, and the exact reason for his suicidal tendencies remains unclear. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018088 Alexander Boyle Alexander Boyle (1810-1884) was a Royal Navy officer whose most famous command was HMS Victory, Nelson's flagship. Life. He was born in Edinburgh at 41 George Street on 9th March 1810 the son of David Boyle, at that point both Solicitor General and MP for Ayrshire. His father was later made "Lord Boyle", Lord President of the Court of Session. He was also known as Lord Shewalton due to his Ayrshire estates. His mother was Elizabeth Montgomery. He joined the Royal Navy on 4 September 1823 aged 13. He became a Lieutenant in October 1830 aged 20. His first noted service (June 1832) was on HMS Champion an 18 gun sloop under Arthur Duncombe serving in the Mediterranean. In September 1836 he moved to the 36 gun frigate HMS Pique as commander. In September 1841 he moved to the 28-gun HMS North Star under James Everard Home based in Portsmouth. Boyle left the North Star after only a month, before its action during the Flagstaff War of 1845 in New Zealand. However, he joined the huge 110-gun HMS Queen which had been renamed in 1839 to acknowledge Queen Victoria. This served as the flagship of Admiral Edward Owen. In February 1842 Boyle was promoted to Commander and was made commander of HMS Queen. In December 1845 he was made Captain and Commander of HMS Thunderbolt, a 6-gun paddle sloop based at the Cape of Good Hope. Sadly the ship was wrecked on rocks off Cape Receife on 3 February 1847. Boyle was officially reprimanded for this but was not dismissed. After a break of some years, he was given charge of HMS Victory in April 1852, under first Admiral Thomas Briggs then Admiral Thomas John Cochrane. This had a relatively quiet life, based in Portsmouth. After two years on Victory he was made Second in Command of the 50 gun HMS Indefatigable in May 1854, patrolling the south-east coast of the United States as the flagship of Admiral Johnstone. In August 1855 he was given command of the 8 gun HMS Star which operated as a coastguard vessel and in August 1857 was made full Captain still on the American coast. He retired in April 1875 with the rank of Rear Admiral and was promoted to Vice Admiral in August 1879. He died on 8 June 1884 and is buried in Brompton Cemetery. Family. In 1844 he married Agnes Walker daughter of James Walker of Westminster. They had five daughters and three sons: His elder brothers included David Boyle, 7th Earl of Glasgow. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018107 9 Drayton Street 9 Drayton Street is a historic building in Savannah, Georgia, United States. Located in the northeastern residential/tything block of Johnson Square, part of the Savannah Historic District, the building dates from 1853. It was built for George Wayne Anderson and later owned by Confederate Army veteran Edward Clifford Anderson Jr. and officer George Mercer. The building, which has an angled entrance at Drayton and East Bay Lane, is believed to be the oldest continuously operated saloon and restaurant in the city. An oyster bar and public house stood on the same site from 1850 and possibly earlier. During and after the Civil War, it served as an office building and restaurant. It also has a connection to the "Wanderer" slave-ship scandal. Charles Lamar, mastermind of the scheme, had offices next door in the Bank of Commerce building. Richard F. Aiken, his co-conspirator, operated a bar, named the "Gem", from 9 Drayton Street after the war. Today. Churchill's Pub was located here at the time it was featured in the 1996 filming of the Clint Eastwood-directed "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", but it was damaged in a fire seven years later and closed. The property has been occupied since 2018 by The Fitzroy, the owners of which also run The Collins Quarter on Bull Street and The Deck Beach Bar #amp; Kitchen on Tybee Island. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018126 Wild Dreams (Westlife album) Wild Dreams is the twelfth studio album by Irish pop vocal band Westlife, released on 26 November 2021 by East West Records, their first release on the label. It was preceded by the lead single "Starlight", released on 14 October 2021. Its second single, "My Hero", was released on 5 November 2021. The album includes songwriting contributions from Ed Sheeran ("My Hero") and Amy Wadge ("Lifeline", "Rewind"), along with production from Jamie Scott, Rami Yacoub and Steve Mac. Background. Westlife recorded the album over an 18-month period and were "inspired by the challenges" of that time, a reference to the COVID-19 pandemic. In a statement, the band described the album as "uplifting", explaining that it "captures the mood of the moment" and has "moments of reflection and is about new beginnings, hope and looking to the future". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018127 107 Mothers 107 Mothers is a Russian-Language Slovak drama film directed by Peter Kerekes and released in 2021. Its world premiere took place on 1 September 2021 at the 78th Venice International Film Festival, where it was screened in Horizons competition program. It was selected as the Slovak entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 94th Academy Awards. Plot. In a Ukrainian women's prison, mothers are permitted to serve their sentences with their children until their third birthday. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018147 2021-22 World Rugby Women's Sevens Series The 2021-22 World Rugby Women's Sevens Series the ninth edition of the global circuit for women's national rugby sevens teams, organised by World Rugby. The ninth edition was meant to be played a year earlier, but the 2021 Series was officially cancelled due to impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and just two invitational four-team tournaments were played during the season instead. Core teams. Due to impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, the core teams remained unchanged from the shortened 2019-20 series (and continuing through the cancelled 2021 season). The eleven core teams qualified to participate in all events for 2021-22 : Tour venues. The schedule for the series : Standings. Due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, World Rugby revised the method used for the series standings in the interest of fairness to teams not able to participate in all rounds of the 2021-22 season. The points awarded to teams at each event, as well as the overall season totals, are shown in the table below. Points for the event winners are indicated in bold. An asterisk (*) indicates a tied placing. An obelisk () is recorded in the event column where a low-scoring round is excluded from a team's overall points total. A dash (--) is recorded in the event column if a team did not compete at a tournament. Detailed standings. Placings summary. Tallies of top four tournament placings during the 2021-22 series, by team: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018156 Holy Trinity Church, Schull Holy Trinity Church is a small Gothic Revival Anglican church located in Schull, County Cork, Ireland. It was completed in the 1850s. It is dedicated to the Holy Trinity. It is part of the Diocese of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross. History. Holy Trinity Church replaced an earlier church which was completed in 1720. In 1830, plans for a new church were made by James Pain. Joseph Welland altered the plans in 1850, and Holy Trinity Church was completed between 1852 and 1854. The original church bell, which carries the inscription "For the Glory of God - Revd, John Triphook, Rector, 1859", was damaged in 1890, and underwent repairs. This bell was replaced in 1907 by a bell bearing the inscription "Sursum Corda - Cast and erected 1907." In 1889, Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral was rebuilt, and the original cathedral's organ was transferred to Holy Trinity Church. It was transported to Schull via the Cork, Bandon and South Coast Railway. In 1995, the organ was refurbished. Architecture. The church is gable-fronted, and features a seven-bay nave. The altar and reading desk are made of carved oak. The font is octagonal, and made of limestone. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018173 Margo Edwards Margo Helen Edwards is a marine geologist known for mapping of the seafloor and hydrothermal vents. She led the 1999 SCICEX and was the first women to live aboard a United States' Navy submarine while doing under-ice research. Education and career. Edwards has an undergraduate degree in computer science and geology from Washington University in St. Louis (1985). She then received her Ph.D. from Columbia University where she mapped the seafloor along the East Pacific Rise. She joined UH in 1991 as a senior research scientist, served as the director of Hawai'i Mapping Research Group and the director of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's National Center for Island, Maritime and Extreme Environment Security (CIMES). As of 2021, she is the director of the Applied Research Laboratory. Edwards served as the chair of the University-National Oceanographic Laboratory System (UNOLS)'s Arctic Icebreaker Coordinating Committee from 2004 until 2007. Research. Edwards' research centers on the development of high resolution maps, and analysis of photographic and acoustic data. In 1988, while she was at Washington University, Edwards assembled the ETOPO5 5-minute map of land and seafloor elevations. During her graduate work she developed maps of the seafloor in the Pacific Ocean, including the seafloor at the East Pacific Rise, where she detailed its shape and the locations of hydrothermal vents. Edwards led the Hawai'i Mapping Research Group which developed the HAWAII MR1, an instrument that allows high resolution imaging of the seafloor, and was used to map the features of the Sirena Deep, one of the deepest places in the worlds' ocean. Edwards was the first women to live aboard a Navy nuclear submarine during under-ice operations. When Edwards received funding to look at the Arctic, women were not permitted to live aboard a submarine while it was at sea. In her 2020 book, Rita Colwell, the former head of the United States' National Science Foundation, described her conversation with Admiral Paul Gaffney about the Navy's concerns but Colwell prevailed. In 1999, during the SCICEX project, Edwards spent thirteen days on the USS Hawkbill where she found evidence of climate change in the Arctic, including thinning sea ice, volcanoes on the seafloor, and warm water moving into the Arctic from the Atlantic Ocean. This research has also expanded the maps of the Arctic's seafloor which allows investigations into understanding of physical processes in the region. Her work in Hawaii uses time-lapse photographs of military munitions disposed at sea at the end of World War II. Edwards' research informed the discussion on the potential destruction of chemical weapons as she noted the munitions should remain on the seafloor. Edward's group at the University of Hawaii obtained top secret clearance for Navy Research in 2018 because of their projects on data analysis, drone research, waste disposal, renewable energy, and cybersecurity. At the same time, she opens her group to the public by running camps to train people on how to fly personal drones. Awards and honors. In 2007, Edwards received the Distinguished Public Service Award from Admiral Thad Allen when he was the Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard. She was named Honolulu's scientist of the year in 2009 by the ARCS program (Achievement Rewards for College Scientists). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018176 Max Abbott Max Wenden Abbott is a New Zealand psychologist. He is the co-director and founder of the National Institute for Public Health and Mental Health Research. Career. Abbott was the first person ever to be appointed national director of the Mental Health Foundation, a position he took up in 1981. He was also President of the World Federation for Mental Health. Abbott resigned as the AUT's Dean of the Faculty of Health and Environmental Sciences Professor in 1991 and was a Pro-Vice-Chancellor of Auckland University of Technology (AUT), and a worldwide leader in the field of gambling addiction. In the 2016 New Year Honours, Abbott was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to health, science and education. He is also a recipient of AUT's University Medal. Controversy. A five-page complaint was laid against Abbott in August 2019 for sexual harassment. In 2020 an investigation was conducted into allegations of sexual harassment of an overseas colleague. The harassment took place over two years. Professor Max Abbott resigned from AUT in the wake of the claims. He has now apologised to the woman. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018226 Tatiana Sorokina Tatiana Sorokina (, born 23 April 1970 in Moscow), a Russian singer. Biography. Tatiana Sorokina was born on 23 April 1970 in Moscow, into a military family. Since her early childhood Tatiana knew that she wanted to be a singer. She graduated from the Alma-Ata Tchaikovsky Music College in the vocal class in 1991. After college, from 1991 to 2001, she worked as a soloist of the song and dance ensemble of the Eastern Border District of the Republic of Kazakhstan. She participates in concerts in military garrisons at this time. In 1991, she entered the Kazakh National Conservatory at the Department of Solo Singing. She is qualified as an opera and concert performer and a vocal teacher. Tatiana is finishing her postgraduate studies of the Kazakh National Conservatory 1999-2001. During her studies, she takes part in various music competitions and festivals. Career. In 2001, Tatiana joined the Kazakh National Academic Opera and Ballet Theater named after Abai (Alma-Ata) as a leading soloist of the opera. Until 2011, she performed the main parts of the theater's repertoire: <<La traviata>>, <<Rigoletto>>, <<The Barber of Seville>>, <<La boheme>>, <<Die Fledermaus>>. From 1998 to 2001, she taught vocals at the N. I. Sats Youth Theater in Alma-Ata#lt;. Tatiana Sorokina moved to Moscow in 2011 and since that time has been working as a soloist in the Mosconcert. She taught vocal at Moscow State Pedagogical University in 2016-2019. Now Tatiana conducts concert activities, solo concerts, she has released two of her albums: <<One hundred roads, one mine>> (2019)and <<Heart and destiny>> (2020). Tatiana works with Russian singers: Ekaterina Semenova, Sergei Trofimov, A. Zubkov, S. Bakumenko, K. Gubin and songwriters: L. Voropaeva, E. Muravyev, V. Arkanov, etc. In 2019, Tatiana recorded the soundtrack for the TV series <<Marusya>> and the soundtrack for the TV series <<Believe Fixed>>. In addition to singing, she appears in films, participates in TV programs. Tatiana Sorokina has performed at such venues as the State Kremlin Palace, Crocus City Hall, Moscow International House of Music, Mosconcert Hall, Gradsky Hall and many others, and also abroad (Cyprus and other countries). Awards. Music awards. Laureate of the International Competitions named after E. Serkebayev and K. Baiseitova. Personal life. Tatiana Sorokina has a husband and three children. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018236 Spain Women's Sevens The Spain Women's Sevens is an annual international rugby sevens tournament as two back-to-back events on consecutive weekends in . The first event held in Malaga at Estadio Ciudad de Malaga and the second held in Seville at Estadio de La Cartuja. These events hosted by the Spanish Rugby Federation as the third and fourth stops on the 2021-22 season of the World Rugby Women's Sevens Series. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018267 Claire Moore (cricketer) Claire Moore (born 28 October 2003) is an Australian cricketer who plays as a right-handed batter for the New South Wales Breakers in the Women's National Cricket League (WNCL) and the Sydney Sixers in the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL). She made her professional debut in the first match of the 2021-22 WBBL season for the Sixers against the Melbourne Stars, but did not bat or bowl. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018276 2022 Tour de France The 2022 Tour de France will be the 109th edition of the Tour de France. It will start in Copenhagen, Denmark on 1 July and end with the final stage at Champs-Elysees, Paris on 24 July. Teams. UCI WorldTeams UCI ProTeams 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018288 La Cueta La Cueta is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 57. Geography. La Cueta is located 98km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018292 Giuseppe Zambeccari Giuseppe Zambeccari (19 March 1655 - 13 December 1728) was an Italian physician who is considered one of the pioneers of experimental anatomy and physiology, conducting experiments on live animals, such as dogs and chicken, a practice then not considered unacceptable. Zambeccari was born in Castelfranco di Sotto in a family from Pontremoli that included clergymen, physicians and other professions apart from a few noble relatives in Bologna. His father was a notary and was for sometime chancellor, and his mother may also have come from a noble family. His early studies are not known but he sought admission in the Ducal College of Pisa and received approval, graduating in 1679 with studies under Lorenzo Bellini (1643-1704) and Alessandro Marchetti (1633-1714). He then studied under Francesco Redi working as an intern at the Ospedale di Santa Maria Nuova and living at the home of Redi as was student tradition. In 1680 he conducted experiments on the organs of dogs to examine their functions. One of them involved the removal of the spleen after which several animals survived. He then examined their organs again to look for changes. He was able to identify that removal of one kidney did not kill the animal as also removal of parts of the liver. According to the custom of the time, Zambeccari lodged in the house of his professor and there in 1680 conducted his most important experiments in physiology, which consisted in removing various internal organs from live animals (mainly dogs) in order to acquire a better understanding of what functions they performed in relation to the whole organism. In 1689 he became a professor of medicine in Pisa and in 1704 headed the anatomy section. Among his works was a study of the medicinal baths at Bagni di Lucca and San Giuliano (1712) and his studies on animals published in 1680 as "Esperienze intorno a diverse viscere tagliate a diversi animali viventi". Zambeccari married Ann Maria Palmieri of Pisa in 1690 and they had a son and three daughters (two becoming nuns). Zambeccari was very religious and was involved in the examination of a Maria Caterina Brondi, attesting the presence of stigmata and supporting her sainthood. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018296 Michele Greco da Valona Michele Greco da Valona (, 15th Century - 16th Century), also known as Michael the Greek from Vlora. He was a Greek painter from Vlore, Albania. Other prominent Greek painters around the same period were Ioannis Permeniates and Markos Bathas. Other notable Greek-Albanian painters were Marco Basaiti and Onufri. Michele represented the Adriatic renaissance. His art was similar to the style of Nicolaus Filantropino, Fra Angelico, Paolo Uccello, Carlo Crivelli and Vincenzo de Rogata. Several of his works survived. His most notable work is a controversial triptych featuring the Virgin Mary breastfeeding the people. History. Michele was born in Vlore, Albania. He was a member of the Greek community in the city. Many Greeks migrated to Italy after the fall of the Byzantine Empire. Not much is known about his life. He signed his work Op. Michalis Greci De La Velona. The signature identifies his origin as Greek. Italian archives indicated Michele was paid to travel to Constantinople on May 10 to find out Mehmed the Conqueror's military plans. He relayed the information to Alfonso II of Naples who won a decisive victory at the Battle of Otranto. Michele was active in Abruzzo and Molise. He did not follow the same migratory pattern as other Greek refugees who settled in Venice or Crete. He is one of the few artists to have traveled all over Italy. He was trained as a Byzantine master. His early work resembled Greek master Nikolaos Philanthropinos. As Michele's career progressed he sheds his maniera greca and exhibits a more sophisticated Venetian style. This was very common among Greek painters. The Cretan and Heptaneses school was heavily influenced by the Venetian style. Michele's work is unique because it represents the Adriatic renaissance. Unlike his contemporaries, his work resembled Carlo Crivelli. There is also evidence he was influenced by Vincenzo de Rogata. The evidence is in the triptych from the San Bernardino coven in Salerno. The painter's first work is a triptych he painted in 1505. It features the Madonna and Child between Saints John the Baptist and Adam, with a Pieta. The work was done for the church of Santa Maria Maggiore in Guglionesi and is now in the Aquila museum. His signature poem at the bottom of the triptych provides some information about the artist. He was a Greek from Vlore, Albania. Many Greek artists added the city where they completed their works and where they were from in the signature poem. One example was Greek painter Efstathios Karousos active in Naples. The name Antonio Barono also appears at the bottom of the piece. There are also Greek inscriptions: MR ThU (short for METER ThEOU, "Mother of God"). There are two other paintings in Guglionesi. One is dated 1505 and the other 1508. The earlier painting is the Madonna delle Grazie between Saints Rocco and Sebastiano. This work is very controversial because the Virgin is feeding breast milk to the people. Breast milk is reigning from the heavens. The painting has been featured in the Italian news on countless occasions. The final work dated 1508, featured Madonna between Saints Peter and Paul His artwork is part of the national heritage of Italy, Greece, and Albania. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018304 Huergas de Babia Huergas de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "Guergas") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 65. Geography. Huergas de Babia is located 81km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018329 Cladostephaceae Cladostephaceae is a family of brown algae belonging to the order Sphacelariales in the class Phaeophyceae. The family comprises a single genus: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018332 Rhys McKenna Rhys McKenna is an Australian cricketer who plays as a right-arm fast-medium bowler and right-handed batter for Victoria in the Women's National Cricket League (WNCL) and Melbourne Stars in the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL). She made her professional debut in the first match of the 2021-22 WBBL for the Stars against Sydney Sixers, bowling one over for nine runs and taking the wicket of Ellyse Perry. She plays club cricket for Prahran. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018334 Dirck Gulick House The Dirck Gulick House is a historic house built in 1752 and located at 506 County Route 601 (Belle Mead-Blawenburg Road) in the Dutchtown section of Montgomery Township in Somerset County, New Jersey. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11, 2003 for its significance in architecture and exploration/settlement. It is now operated as a historic house museum by the Van Harlingen Historical Society. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018341 Tommy Wilson (shortstop) Tommy Wilson is an American former Negro league shortstop who played in the 1940s. Wilson played for the Philadelphia Stars in 1948. In three recorded games, he posted one hit and one RBI in seven plate appearances. External links. and Seamheads 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018345 James Wills (baseball) James Wills was an American Negro league catcher in the 1910s. Wills played for the Minneapolis Keystones in 1910 and 1911. In three recorded games, he posted three hits in 14 plate appearances. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018348 Lemuel Williams (baseball) Lemuel Williams is an American former Negro league pitcher who played in the 1930s. Williams played for the Chicago American Giants in 1939. In four recorded appearances on the mound, he posted a 4.30 ERA over 14.2 innings. External links. and Seamheads 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018362 Lago de Babia Lago de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "Llau") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 24. Geography. Lago de Babia is located 89km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018369 We were Rebels We were Rebels, is a 2014 German-South Sudanese documentary thriller film co-directed by Florian Schewe and Katharina von Schroeder and co-produced by Michael Bogar and Inka Dewitz for Perfect Shot Films. The film revolves around Agel, a former child soldier who returns to South Sudan to help build up his country in a two year period from South Sudan's 2011 independence to the South Sudan civil war in December 2013. The film made its premier on 20 August 2021. The film screened at DOK Munich 2014, IDFA Amsterdam 2014, DocPoint Helsinki 2015, Human Rights Human Wrongs Film Festival Oslo 2015, Days of European Film Prague 2015 and Nashville Film Festival 2015. In 2015, the film won the Best Documentary Feature at the Brooklyn Film Festival. Then in the same year, the film won the Best Documentary Award at the Brooklyn International Film Festival. At the AGON International Meeting of Archaeological Film 2016, the film won the Festival Trophy for Best Documentary Film. Besides, the film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize under Documentary Competition at the Nashville Film Festival in 2015. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018382 Mena de Babia Mena de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "Mena") is a hamlet located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 36. Geography. Mena de Babia is located 86km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018385 2021 Beirut clashes The 2021 Beirut clashes (also known as the 2021 Beirut massacre, Tayouneh Incident or Mini May 7 Clashes) were a series of clashes that erupted in the Tayouneh neighborhood of the Lebanese capital of Beirut on 14 October 2021 between Hezbollah and the Amal Movement, unidentified gunmen, and the Lebanese Armed Forces, resulting in the death of seven people and injury of 32 others, and the arrest of nine by the Lebanese Armed Forces. The violence erupted during a protest organized by Hezbollah and its allies against Tarek Bitar, the lead judge probing the 2020 explosion in the city's port, as they accuse him of being partisan. The clashes took place at the Justice Palace, located in Eastern Beirut along the former civil war front line between the Christian and Muslim Shiite areas. The clashes were the worst in the country since the 2008 Lebanon conflict. Background. During the Lebanese Civil War of 1975-1990, parties and militias formed along religious, ideological, and ethnic lines. Lebanon's capital Beirut was divided, as Sunni and Shia Muslim, Palestinian, and Christian factions fought for control. Among the groups which emerged during this period were the Lebanese Forces, Hezbollah, and Amal Movement. The Lebanese Forces originated as a militia which united various right-wing Christian parties, while Hezbollah and Amal were organized as Shia militant groups that were opposed to the Christian factions. Historically, Hezbollah and Amal struggled for dominance within the Lebanese Shia community, with Hezbollah eventually becoming the predominant faction. Various foreign countries intervened in the civil war, most prominently Israel and Syria, further muddling allegiances and worsening violent factionalism. Following the civil war, armed groups like the Lebanese Forces, Amal, and Hezbollah transformed into political parties, yet continued to field paramilitary wings. Hezbollah remained particularly committed to its armed forces which grew into a medium-sized army. In the 2000s, Lebanon's political scene divided into two main blocs which formed in accordance to parties' stance regarding Syria's influence on the country. The March 14 Alliance, which includes the Lebanese Forces, is anti-Syrian, whereas the pro-Syrian March 8 Alliance is backed by Hezbollah and Amal. Prelude. Lebanon had been in a state of financial crisis since 2019, and the situation gradually worsened with the COVID-19 recession and the explosion in the port of Beirut. In August 2021, a fuel tanker explosion in Akkar District killed dozens of people. In the fall of 2021, the Lebanese energy market collapsed upon fuel shortages and on 9 October 2021, the country plunged into a 24-hour national blackout, as power plants ran out of fuel. The leaders of both the Amal Movement and Hezbollah, Nabih Berri and Hassan Nasrallah, have called for an end to the investigation into the explosion by Tarek Bitar, as they accuse him of being partisan. Bitar is characterized as having no party bias or political affiliation. Incident. On 14 October 2021, protests were held in the Tayouneh neighborhood of Beirut by supporters of Hezbollah and the Amal Movement; several of the demonstrators were armed. They were calling for the removal of Tarek Bitar, the judge appointed to investigate the Beirut port explosion. At one point, the demonstrators were shot at by snipers from nearby buildings, though the latter's identity was unclear. The attackers even used rocket-propelled grenades, and also attacked Lebanese Armed Forces soldiers. Hezbollah claimed the snipers were Lebanese Forces supporters, though this is unconfirmed. Later on, a video surfaced showing a Lebanese Army soldier shooting at the demonstrators. Fighting consequently erupted in Beirut, as Hezbollah militants shot assault rifles and rocket-propelled grenades, including at the buildings where the snipers were allegedly located. Four projectiles fell near a private French school, Freres of Furn el Chebbak, causing a panic. The Lebanese Army was one of the first to evacuate people from the area. Lebanese Armed Forces patrols, including special forces, tried to restore order; doing so, they clashed with gunmen and used live ammunition. Hezbollah-affiliated activists have claimed, but not verified, that one of the snipers was Shukri Abu Saab, an employee of the US embassy in Beirut. A Syrian national was among those arrested and detained in connection with the sniper and militant attacks. Aftermath. At least seven people were killed overall in the incident. The Amal Movement and Hezbollah lost three dead militants each; one of the Hezbollah casualties was a participant in the Syrian Civil War. In addition, a woman was killed inside her home. Overall, 32 people were injured. The clash only escalated fears of an imminent collapse of Lebanon and a return to the days of the Lebanese Civil War. The Lebanese Army consequently raided several locations in Beirut, arresting nine individuals connected to the parties involved in the clash. President Michel Aoun vowed to "bring the perpetrators to justice". The Lebanese Armed Forces has opened an investigation into the footage of a soldier opening fire at the demonstrators. The clashes caused great trauma among Lebanese, who did not wish to return to the days of the Lebanese Civil War. Banks, schools, offices and shops closed in many places as funerals of those killed in the clashes were held. Reactions. Domestic. President Michel Aoun expressed in a televised address that those responsible for the violence would be held accountable, he stated that "I have made contacts with the relevant parties today to address what happened and most importantly, to make sure that it never happens again." He compared the clashes to the Lebanese Civil War, stating "It took us back to the days that we said we would never forget and never repeat." Cars with mounted guns and flags of the Shia Amal and Hezbollah were driving throughout the Beqaa valley in an apparent show of strength for the two movements. Hezbollah went on the claim that the Lebanese Forces had organized the incident with support by the United States to destabilize Lebanon. Lebanese Forces official Imad Wakim responded by stating that the clash was not the result of ethnic or party rivalries, but rather a "confrontation between Hezbollah and the remaining free Lebanese of all sects, in order to preserve what remains of the state institutions and to protect them from Hezbollah's dominance." In a televised response to the event, Nasrallah insisted that he has up to 100,000 militants ready to deploy at any time. Prime Minister Najib Mikati stated that Lebanon would hold a national day of mourning for those killed in the attacks. He later told reporters that the clashes would be a setback for his government, but would be overcome, stating that Lebanon "is going through a difficult phase, not an easy one. We are like a patient in front of the emergency room." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018396 Meroy Meroy (Astur-Leonese: "Meiroi") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 20. Geography. Meroy is located 93km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018402 Jayden Reed Jayden Reed (born April 28, 2000) is an American football wide receiver and return specialist for the Michigan State Spartans. He previously played at Western Michigan. Early life and high school. Reed grew up in Aurora, Illinois. He initially attended Metea Valley High School, where he played football with Michigan State teammate Payton Thorne. As a junior, he caught 23 passes for 403 yards and four touchdowns. Along with Thorne, he transferred to Naperville Central High School before the beginning of his senior year. College career. Reed began his collegiate career at Western Michigan. He was named a freshman All-American by the Football Writers Association of America after catching 56 passes for 797 yards and eight touchdowns. After the season, Reed announced that he would be leaving the program. He ultimately chose to transfer to Michigan State. Reed sat out and redshirted his first season at Michigan State due to NCAA transfer rules. As a redshirt sophomore, he started all seven of Michigan State's games in the team's COVID-19-shortened 2020 season and had a team-high 33 receptions for 407 yards and three touchdowns. Reed also returned 16 kickoffs for 329 yards and two punts for 14 yards and was named honorable mention All-Big Ten Conference as a return specialist. He was named the Big Ten Special Teams Player of the Week for Week 4 of his redshirt junior season after returning a punt 62 yards for a touchdown and two kickoffs for 69 yards in a 23-20 overtime win against Nebraska. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018411 Matzikama Local Municipality elections The council of the Matzikama Local Municipality in the Western Cape, South Africa is elected every five years by a system of mixed-member proportional representation. Eight councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in eight wards, while the remaining seven are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. In the election of 1 November 2021 the Democratic Alliance (DA) won a plurality of six seats on the council. Results. The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections. December 2000 election. The following table shows the results of the 2000 election. October 2002 floor crossing. In terms of the Eighth Amendment of the Constitution and the judgment of the Constitutional Court in "United Democratic Movement v President of the Republic of South Africa and Others", in the period from 8-22 October 2002 councillors had the opportunity to cross the floor to a different political party without losing their seats. In the Matzikama council, four councillors from the Democratic Alliance (DA) crossed to the New National Party (NNP), which had formerly been part of the DA. September 2004 floor crossing. Another floor-crossing period occurred on 1-15 September 2004, in which one of the NNP councillors crossed to the ANC. March 2006 election. The following table shows the results of the 2006 election. September 2007 floor crossing. The final floor-crossing period occurred on 1-15 September 2007; floor-crossing was subsequently abolished in 2008 by the Fifteenth Amendment of the Constitution. In the Matzikama council one councillor crossed from the Democratic Alliance to the South African Political Alliance. By-elections from September 2007 to May 2011. The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the floor crossing period in September 2007 and the election in May 2011. May 2011 election. At the election of 18 May 2011, the council was expanded to 15 members with the addition of one new ward and one new PR list seats. The Democratic Alliance won 7 seats, one short of a majority. The following table shows the results of the 2011 election. By-elections from May 2011 to August 2016. The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the elections in May 2011 and August 2016. August 2016 election. The following table shows the results of the 2016 election. By-elections from August 2016 to 2021. The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period between the elections since August 2016. In July 2018, the ANC's Hennie Nel was elected mayor after the resignation of the DA's Rhenda Stephan. In August 2018, the DA's Johan van der Hoven was elected as mayor. After the second by-election, the ANC became the largest party as the council was reconfigured as seen below: The local council sends two representatives to the council of the West Coast District Municipality: one from the ANC and one from the DA. November 2021 election. The following table shows the results of the 2021 election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018416 Las Murias de Babia Las Murias de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "Las Murias") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 23. Geography. Las Murias is located 87km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018423 Nuduram Soren Naib Subedar Nuduram Soren, VrC was Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) in the Indian Army. He was posthumously awarded the India's third highest war-time military decoration, Vir Chakra. He served in the 16th battalion of the Bihar Regiment. He was one of 20 soldiers killed in a 2020-2021 China-India skirmishes in Galwan Valley along the India-China border in 2020. Biography. Nuduram Soren was born on April 2, 1977, in the village of Badachampauda, Mayurbhanj, Odisha. He was a football and hockey player as well as a cross-country runner. He led a column during a skirmish with the enemy on June 15, 2020. His ability to lead from the front stood out in the skirmish so that the enemy saw him as a threat. He died in the Galwan Valley during the Indo-China cross border clash in 2020. Later, he was awarded the Vir Chakra for his bravery and gallant action. Vir Chakra. Nuduram Soren awarded the Vir Chakra by the President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind on 22 November 2021 at the Rashtrapati Bhawan, in recognition to his supreme sacrifices during the Galwan Valley Clash, which was received by his wife. Citation. The Vir Chakra citation for Naib Subedar Nuduram Soren is as follows: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018441 Penalba de Cilleros Penalba de los Cilleros (Astur-Leonese: "Penalba") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 50. Geography. Penalba de los Cilleros is located 88km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018464 FlexiLivre FlexiLivre is a French Internet-based photo album company founded in 2013 by Mathieu Cloute and Kamel Boughaleb. Awards and accolades. In 2020, FlexiLivre was ranked 778th among the 1,000 fastest-growing companies in Europe by the "Financial Times". The same year, FlexiLivre was ranked as the 134th fastest-growing French company by "Les Echos". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018468 Sedu Bradshaw Sedu Bradshaw (born 13 November 2002) is a Anguillan footballer who plays as a defender for Lymers and Anguilla national team. International career. Bradshaw made his senior international debut on March 21, 2021, coming on as a substitute in the 66th minute for Kian Duncan in a 0-0 draw against U.S. Virgin Islands in a friendly match. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018471 William Villeger William Villeger (born 22 October 2000) is a French badminton player affiliated with ASPTT Strasbourg club. He won the European junior championships in boys' doubles event in 2018 and won another gold in team event too. Achievements. European Junior Championships. "Boys' doubles" BWF International Challenge/Series (3 titles, 5 runners-up). "Men's doubles" "Mixed doubles" BWF Junior International (1 title, 3 runners-up). "Boys' doubles" "Mixed doubles" 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018479 Piedrafita de Babia Piedrafita de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "Piedrafita") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 164. Geography. Piedrafita de Babia is located 89km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018488 The Gods We Can Touch The Gods We Can Touch is the third studio album by Norwegian pop singer Aurora, released on 21 January 2022 through Decca Records and Glassnote Records. The album was preceded by six singles, "Exist for Love", "Cure for Me", "Giving in to the Love", "Heathens", "A Dangerous Thing", and "Everything Matters", featuring French singer Pomme. Background and release. Aurora began production on a new album in November 2019. She hinted at plans to release a new album soon after the release of her "A Different Kind of Human (Step 2)" album. In an interview with Riff Magazine, she revealed she was working on two albums at once, one of which she has said is "longer into the future". Of the closer album, she stated, "The perspective is much bigger. It's still quite political, and it's still quite opinionated and it's also very emotional. It's even more about the individuals that make the army. It's an album for every individual within the big army of love". She further detailed the album in an interview with Motley, stating "My next album will be dressed in an armour of hardness. But I'm also really exploring the soft, delicate part of me, which I want to open up even more on my next album". Clearing her Instagram feed in May 2020, Aurora began hinting at "the beginning of a new era". She released the lead single for "The Gods We Can Touch", "Exist for Love", on 14 May 2020. She additionally released a song for the 2020 film "The Secret Garden" in September 2020, and confirmed the album she would release would not be another "step" album. In April 2021, Aurora's single "Runaway" began growing in popularity on TikTok. In an interview with NME regarding the song's newfound success, Aurora described the themes of the upcoming album: "I'm asking questions to everything that made us the way we are now; in our past, in politics, religion, and in weird ways of thought we have created that make no sense - like racism, not being a feminist or burning women for being witches. All of these strange things that we have convinced ourselves are the right thing to do, which is just so odd. I just wonder where it started, you know, this cruelty, and the good things of course". "Cure for Me" was released as "The Gods We Can Touch"'s next single on 7 July 2021. She detailed its position on the forthcoming album: "["Cure for Me"] has something in common with the album in that I'm experimenting with new things and new sides of me. It's easy for me to make a really 'Aurora' album - that feels like nature and mother Earth. That comes really naturally to me. So I'm really enjoying doing something different." She described her intentions to be experimental on the forthcoming album, and stated the album would not discuss themes like "doom, gloom, COVID and horror", instead of focusing on "more playful and fun" songs, whilst also referencing "a lot of things that bother [her] with society and our history". She also stated that album was finished, and her intentions to release the album before the end of 2021. On 14 October, she released "Giving in to the Love" as the album's next single, and officially announced "The Gods We Can Touch", and its release date of 21 January 2022. On 2 December, she released "Heathens" as the album's fourth single, and "A Dangerous Thing" and "Everything Matters", featuring French singer Pomme, as the final singles on 7 January 2022. Promotion. To promote the album, Aurora announced a co-headlining concert tour with American singer-songwriter Sub Urban that will visit the United States in 2022. Music and lyrics. "The Gods We Can Touch" has been characterised to be an ethereal and electropop record, with folk-pop arrangements and influences from chamber pop and global music. The lyrical themes throughout the record have been described as dark and disturbing with a maximalist style. Critical reception. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised score out of 100 to ratings from publications, "The Gods We Can Touch" received a mean score of 86 based on 4 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". "The Line of Best Fit" writer Tom Williams praised the album as an "ethereal masterpiece" and stated that Aurora's sound is "like heaven on Earth." Steven Loftin of "Dork" called Aurora on the album "exciting as she is intriguing" and makes the "world feels like a better place." The "Clash"'s Finlay Holden called the record "high-reaching" and noted that the themes of "angry, celebratory, wallowing and cathartic energies exhibit themselves in a maximalist way." Chris Hamilton-Peach of "DIY" writes that "Aurora's celestial spark remains her calling card" on the album. "Gigwise" writer Tom Taylor sees Aurora as she "experiments with genre in her joyful new album" while also being reliant on "high-energy, electro-pop anthems." Andrew Trendell of "NME" notes that the record "seizes the opportunity to take the world on and fight with all her power" and is loaded with "idiosyncratic quirks and enchanting notions." Hayden Godfrey from "Under the Radar" felt that the record showcases Aurora's "glorious highs and careful lows" towards the production. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018499 Quintanilla de Babia Quintanilla de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "Quintaniella") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 151. Geography. Quintanilla de Babia is located 91km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018533 Funtastic Quiz Funtastic Quiz is an Indian interactive quiz show hosted by film actor and television personality Manish Paul that premiered on 6 October 2021 on the Flipkart app. It is an original series that airs on the Walmart-owned streaming platform Flipkart Video and features trivia questions from multiple categories, ranging from Bollywood to History. Format. Funtastic Quiz transfers viewers to a quizzing world where one can improve and test their knowledge. It is a timed quiz that features four categories and a total of 5 attempts for all the questions. Each user is 10 seconds to answer the questions and five attempts for every category. These questions will be based on bollywood, cricket, and current affairs. The show is being hosted by Manish Paul alongside other influencers from Flipkart Video section. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018550 Junior Teoni Junior Teoni (born 6 February 2001) is an American Samoan footballer who plays for the American Samoa national team. International career. Teoni received his first senior international call up for the 2019 Pacific Games. He had not previously received any national team call ups at any age level. He went on to make his international debut in the tournament, coming on in a 0-9 defeat to Fiji on 10 July 2019. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018558 True Believer (Irma Thomas album) True Believer is an album by the American soul singer Irma Thomas, released in 1992. It was Thomas's fourth album for Rounder Records. Production. Recorded in New Orleans, the album was produced by Scott Billington and Thomas. The song "I Never Fool Nobody But Me" was cowritten by Thomas and Dr. John. Doc Pomus and Allen Toussaint also contributed songs to "True Believer". "Big Talk" was Thomas's attempt at a reggae number. Critical reception. "The Christian Science Monitor" thought that Thomas's "honey-smooth voice mixes with her conviction and energy on "True Believer" to produce a richer and more consistent sound than on any previous effort." "The New York Times" praised the "smooth funk" and "New Orleans bop." The "Toronto Star" wrote that the singer "patrols the smooth end of the blues genre, ranging through gospel and r#amp;b too, with a tight band, strong pianist David Torkanowsky and a blasting horn section." "The Washington Post" concluded that "when Thomas sings [Dan] Penn's 'Smoke Filled Room' or Pomus's 'I Never Fool Nobody But Me' or Johnny Neel's 'Can't You Hear It in My Tears', the anguish and self-doubt she feels is nearly palpable--a sharp contrast to the songs of love, affirmation and inspiration that dot the album as well and reveal another side of Thomas's compelling vocal personality." The "Chicago Tribune" determined that Thomas "apparently wants to be taken seriously as a pop diva, and such carefully polished material as 'Trying to Catch a Cab in the Rain' and 'Smoke Filled Room', with their meticulously crafted choruses and slickly cascading arrangements, might do the trick." AllMusic called the album "a stellar collection of contemporary soul performed in the classic '50s New Orleans tradition." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018580 Columbus (1824 ship) The Columbus was a disposable ship built in 1824 to transport timber from British North America to the United Kingdom. She was intended to be dismantled upon arrival and her considerable structure sold, thus avoiding an import duty on timber cargoes. "Columbus" was ten times the size of traditional timber-carrying cargo vessels and was built for economy, not speed. She made one successful voyage from Quebec to London carrying a cargo of and became a spectacle for tourists in her dock at Blackwall, London. Instead of dismantling it was decided by her owners that the "Columbus" would return to North America in 1825 to deliver a second load. She hit a storm in the Atlantic and was sunk, her crew being rescued by a passing merchant vessel. A second disposable ship, the "Baron of Renfrew", was launched in 1825. Declining freight transport costs, reduced timber prices and a reduction in timber duty thereafter made this method of transport uneconomic and no more disposable ships were built for the Atlantic timber trade. Construction. In the 1820s Britain maintained an import duty on timber. There was, however, no duty payable on ships broken up and sold. To take advantage of this a merchant decided to construct a large timber vessel as a disposable ship, to be sailed from British North America to Britain where she would be dismantled and sold. The ship would also carry a cargo of loose timber and be built not for speed but to carry the greatest cargo at the lowest cost. The "Columbus" was built by Charles Wood at Anse-du-Fort on the Ile d'Orleans, Quebec, to fulfil this need. She measured in length, in breadth and in depth and was of 3,690 Gross Rated Tonnage. She was flat-bottomed and with straight sides made of square timber to maximise her cargo space and ease of reselling her structure as timber. It had originally been planned to equip the "Columbus" with two steam engines but she was equipped barque-style with three square-rigged masts and a jiggermast. "Columbus" was around ten times the size of usual timber-carrying vessels of the period. It was originally planned that she would carry 15,000 long tons (15,240 t) of timber loose in her shell-like hull; but actually carried . Such a cargo would normally have required 30 cargo ships of around 560 tons displacement. Maiden voyage. The "Columbus" was launched on 28 July 1824. She was loaded with timber and departed on her maiden voyage on 5 September, under Captain William McKeller. "Columbus" was grounded at Bersimis on the St Lawrence River on 9 September but was refloated and continued her journey three days later. By 29 October she was off the Scilly Islands and arrived at The Downs on 1 November. She became the largest vessel at that time to have crossed the Atlantic Ocean. "Columbus" was leaking by the end of her journey and was brought in under a pilot and steam tugs to Blackwall, London. Her size drew sightseers to the dockyard. Shipwreck. Instead of dismantling it was decided to send "Columbus" back to North America for a second load of timber, against the advice of Captain Wood. Under Captain Daniel Nesbitt Munro, and with a 73-man crew, the vessel left The Downs on 26 April 1825. She was loaded only with ballast and was bound for Saint John, New Brunswick. On 17 May at "Columbus" encountered a storm with strong west-north-westerly winds, causing her to roll and become unmanageable. The storm caused her timbers to open and take on water at the rate of per hour. Despite all hands manning the pumps and her steam engine pumping out of water per minute the flooding could not be brought under control. The crew sighted the merchant vessel "Dolphin", the first vessel they had seen since leaving British waters, and signalled her for assistance. The "Dolphin" stood nearby for eight hours, while efforts continued to save the "Columbus". When a severe roll put the steam engine out of action Munro decided he had no alternative and ordered his crew to abandon ship. The first boat lowered was smashed by contact with "Columbus"' hull but the crew escaped in the last two boats. The crew of the "Columbus" were taken aboard the "Dolphin". However the "Dolphin" carried only a modest quantity of water and food for her 13-man crew and it was clear that they had insufficient to make it to her destination, which was also St John. It was decided to return to England but southerly winds prevented her from making for the port at Falmouth. She waited for the weather to change for some days before rations (of of water per man per day and of pork, plus some biscuits) ran low. She made for Cork, Ireland, and was within three days of running out of provisions when she landed on 24 May. Legacy. The "Columbus" was followed by a similar vessel, the 5,294-ton "Baron of Renfrew" launched in 1825, which sank en-route to Britain. Shortly afterwards, declining freight transport costs reduced timber prices, and a reduction in timber duty made the method uneconomic and no more disposable timber ships were built for the Atlantic trade. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018588 Peep Hen 14 The Peep Hen 14 is an American trailerable sailboat that was designed by Reuben Trane as a cruiser and first built in 1981. Production. The design was built by Nimble Boats Works, Sovereign Yachts and the Florida Bay Boat Company between 1981 and 2003 in the United States, but it is now out of production. Design. The Peep Hen 14 is a recreational sailboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It is a gaff rigged catboat. The hull has a plumb stem, a vertical transom, a transom-hung rudder controlled by a tiller and a retractable centerboard. It displaces and carries of ballast. The boat has a draft of with the centerboard extended and with it retracted, allowing operation in shallow water, beaching or ground transportation on a trailer. The boat is normally fitted with a small outboard motor for docking and maneuvering. The design has sleeping accommodation for two people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin. The optional portable-type head is located in the cockpit when sleeping. Cabin headroom is . The design has a hull speed of . Operational history. In a 2010 review Steve Henkel wrote, "designer Trane says he conceived this boat 'after a good New Year's Eve party' as a small, beachable, easy-to-use microcruiser. The 'Peep' has the smallest LOD in this book, though she's far from smallest in usable space, In fact, her big freeboard and beam give her second-best space versus the comp[etitor]s . Best features: Very shallow draft with centerboard up is good for exploring shoal waters. She's easily trailerable (approximate towing weight 1,100 pounds), and short enough to fit into a standard sized garage. Self-bailing cockpit is deep and comfortable. She has a relatively spacious interior for her size--though 14 feet is about the absolute minimum for living aboard, even for a weekend and in protected waters. Boom gallows is a handy feature, as is an optional bimini and cockpit enclosure that zips to the bimini, Worst features: Price new was high, headroom low compared to comps. Tanbark sails and a high, boxy hull with a wide sheer stripe may make her look cute, but few would call her graceful." See also. Related development 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018591 La Violeta La Violeta was a Spanish language weekly women's magazine with a focus on fashion and literature based in Madrid, Spain. Its subtitle was "Revista hispano-americana de literatura, ciencias, teatros y modas". The magazine was in circulation in the period 1862-1866, and had significant contributions to the education of women in the country. History and profile. "La Violeta" was established by Faustina Saez de Melgar in 1862, and the first issue appeared on 7 December 1862. The magazine was dedicated to Queen Isabel II who would become one of the subscribers of the magazine. Its headquarters was in Madrid. The editors-in-chief of "La Violeta" were Faustina Saez de Melgar and her husband, Valentin Melgar, who also financed it. The goal of the magazine which was published weekly on Sundays was to serve as a useful and moral guide to bourgeois women who were the members of the neo-Catholic current. However, the magazine also had male readers. The number of pages varied between eight and sixteen, and the magazine included many different topics, but one of the frequent ones was the examples of the Elizabethan literature written by women, including Rogelia Leon, Francisca Carlota de Riego Pina, Amalia Diaz, Elena G. de Avellaneda, Angela Grassi and Maria Jose Zapata. Joaquina Carnicero published a fashion chronicle in the magazine and Leandro A. Herrero contributed to the weekly magazine with articles on theatre. The contributors of the magazine, particularly Rogelia Leon, adopted abolitionist views and were very active in the abolitionist initiatives. In 1864 "La Violeta" became an official textbook for high schools by a royal decree, and its subtitle was redesigned as "de instruccion primaria, educacion, literatura, ciencias, labores, salones, teatros y modas". The last issue was published on 31 December 1866. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018596 Riera de Babia La Riera de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "La Riera") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 26. Geography. La Riera de Babia is located 85km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018600 Andres Centino General Andres Castor Centino (born February 4, 1967) is a Philippine Army officer who serves as the 57th Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of the Philippines. He previously served as the 64th Commanding General of the Philippine Army from May 14, 2021 to December 7, 2021, and has held multiple command positions throughout his military career, including commander of the 4th Infantry Division in Northern Mindanao. Centino graduated from the Philippine Military Academy in 1988 and earned his commission as an army second lieutenant. He was appointed Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces by President Rodrigo Duterte in 2021. As Chief of Staff, Centino is the highest-ranking military officer in the Armed Forces of the Philippines. He has command of all elements of the Armed Forces-Army, Air Force, and the Navy-Marine Corps, and reports directly to the Commander-in-Chief. Early life and education. Centino was born on February 4, 1967 in Tacloban, Leyte, the first of five children born to Araceli Castor, a school teacher and probation officer, and military lawyer Flaviano Centino Sr. His siblings are Sandra, Flaviano Jr., Rachel, and Christine. He grew up in Cebu City, and attended the University of the Philippines High School Cebu. At the encouragement of his father, he entered the Philippine Military Academy in 1984, and graduated with honors as part of the Maringal Class of 1988. Centino also holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of the Philippines in Cebu and a Master of Science degree in National Resource Strategy from the National Defense University in Washington, D.C. Centino has undergone various military trainings in security operations and intelligence. He finished the Basic Airborne Course and the First Scout Ranger Regiment Course, the later of which at the top of his class, making Centino a qualified member of the Special Forces. As a commissioned military officer, Centino completed the Command and General Staff Course at the Armed Forces of the Philippines Command and General Staff College, where he finished in the top ten of his class. Military career. In 2008, Centino became the Commander of the 26th Infantry "Ever Onward" Battalion in Agusan del Sur. He was then assigned as the Secretary in the Army General Staff at the Philippine Army's General Headquarters in Fort Andres Bonifacio, Taguig. After, he became the Chief of Staff of the 4th Infantry "Diamond" Division, where he served as the division's organizational staff commander. In 2017, he became the Commander of the 401st Infantry Brigade, where he led operations against the New People's Army, a communist insurgent group. In 2019, he was appointed Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, Organization, and Training, J3 at the Armed Forces of the Philippines' General Headquarters in Camp Emilio Aguinaldo, Quezon City, where he led operations improvement and training innovation programs. After Centino served as J3, he was appointed Commander of the 4th Infantry Division in Cagayan de Oro on May 2020. As division commander, he intensified his infantry operations against the New People's Army within his area of command, amidst the effects COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines. Centino also led the implementation of Executive Order No. 70, aimed at institutionalizing the whole-of-nation approach in attaining inclusive and sustainable peace and ending the local communist armed conflict in the Philippines. During his tenure, the 4th Infantry Division was awarded as the "Fightingest Division" for their continuous offensive operations against the New People's Army, and was awarded the "Best Army Unit" in 2020. On May 14, 2021, Centino was appointed the 64th Commanding General of the Philippine Army. This came after the removal of then-Lieutenant General Jose Faustino Jr., after only serving for 87 days. Faustino's appointment drew criticisms from lawmakers such as Senator Panfilo Lacson, pointing out the general's ineligibility to be named the commanding general. During a meeting of the Commission on Appointments, Lacson mentioned under Section 4 of Republic Act No. 8186 states that no officer shall be assigned or designated to certain key positions including the Commanding General of the Philippine Army if he has less than one year of active service remaining prior to compulsory retirement at the age of 56. After Centino's appointment, he vowed to continue the army's modernization while making efforts towards combating terrorism through peace programs and strengthening the army's response towards all threats. On November 12, 2021, Centino was appointed the 57th Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of the Philippines, replacing General Jose Faustino Jr. Awards and decorations. Lieutenant General Centino has received the following awards: Personal life. Centino married engineer Sheila Sucalit on January 11, 1992 in Cebu City, Cebu. They reside in Metro Manila, and have four children, Andoni Rex, Rafael Andres, Dion Adrian, and Alison Dyan. Centino is fluent in Cebuano, Tagalog, and English. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018612 2019 Nigerian House of Representatives elections in Imo State The 2019 Nigerian House of Representatives elections in Imo State was held on February 23, 2019, to elect members of the House of Representatives to represent Imo State, Nigeria. Results. Aboh Mbaise/Ngor Okpala. A total of 22 candidates registered with the Uzo Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Bede Eke won the election, defeating APC Blyden Amajirionwu and 20 other party candidates. Eke received 62.21% of the votes, while Amajirionwu received 20.25%. Ahiazu Mbaise/Ezinihitte. A total of 22 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Emeka Chinedu won the election, defeating APC Raphael Igbokwe and 20 other candidates. Chinedu received 73.08% of the votes, while Igbokwe received 17.03%. Ideato North/South. A total of 4 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. AA candidate Paschal Chigozie Obi won the election, defeating APC Austine Chukwukere and 2 other party candidates. Obi received 63.94% of the votes, while Chukwukere received 27.67%. Ikeduru/Mbaitoli. A total of 30 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Henry Nwawuba won the election, defeating APC Daniel Iwuorie and 28 other candidates. Nwawuba received 64.70% of the votes, while Iwuorie received 23.22%. Isiala Mbano/Okigwe/Onuimo. A total of 4 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Obinna Onwubuariri won the election, defeating APGA Chikwem Onuoha and 2 other candidates. Onwubuariri received 52.19% of the votes, while Onuoha received 37.42%. Isu/Njaba/Nkwerre/Nwangele. A total of 20 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. APC candidate Ugonna Ozurigbo won the election, defeating PDP Kingsley Echendu and 18 other party candidates. Ozurigbo received 43.95% of the votes, while Echendu received 43.11%. Oguta/Ohaji/Egbema/Oru West. A total of 5 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. AA candidate Uju Kingsley Chima won the election, defeating PDP Obed Acholonu and 3 other party candidate. Chima received 43.67% of the votes, while Acholonu received 28.35%. Oru East/Orsu/Orlu. A total of 26 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Jerry Alagbaoso won the election, defeating APC Edwin Ihenacho and 24 other candidates. Alagbaoso received 42.50% of the votes, while Ihenacho received 40.07%. Owerri Municipal/Owerri North/Owerri West. A total of 30 candidates registered with the Independent National Electoral Commission to contest in the election. PDP candidate Ikenna Elezieanya won the election, defeating APC Obinna Mbata and 28 other candidates. Elezieanya received 61.91% of the votes, while Mbata received 12.06%. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018627 Elaine Inglesby-Burke Elaine Inglesby-Burke CBE is a British nurse. She was the Group Chief Nursing Officer at Salford Royal Hospital and the Northern Care Alliance NHS Group till 2019. In 2020, Queen Elizabeth II appointed her as Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire for her services to nursing after a career that lasted 43 years. Career. Born in Orford, Elaine trained at Warrington General from 1977 to 1980 and qualified as a Registered Nurse in 1980. She came to Salford Royal as Chief Nurse in 2004 and later held the positions of Executive Nurse Director and Deputy Chief Executive, at Salford Royal NHS Foundation Trust. She also worked on The Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust. She was a member of Nursing and Care Quality Forum and was part of Berwick National Advisory Group of the Safety of Patients in England. In 2016, She became the non-executive director of National Institute of Care and Excellence. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018631 San Felix de Arce San Felix de Arce (Astur-Leonese: "San Feles") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 22. Geography. San Felix de Arce is located 84km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018642 1992 Kohat earthquake The 1992 Kohat earthquake struck Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province in Pakistan on May 20. The 6.3 earthquake inflicted significant damage in the nearby city Kohat. An estimated 36 people died and 100 were injured in the Peshawar and Kohat districts. Four-hundred (400) homes were wiped out , affecting 2,100 residents in the region. Tectonic setting. Pakistan is directly influenced by the ongoing oblique convergence between the Indian Plate and Eurasian Plate. Along the northern margin of the India-Eurasia convergent boundary is the Main Himalayan Thrust which accommodates north-south continental collision. Thrust faulting in the Hindu Kush and Himalaya region is the direct result of the plate interaction. In the Balochistan region, the convergence is highly oblique, involving the large Chaman Fault; a left-lateral strike-slip structure. While a large portion of the boundary is accommodated by strike-slip faulting, the region also hosts the Sulaiman fold and thrust belt. Large thrust earthquakes including the 1934 Nepal-India earthquake were the direct result of the plate interaction. The 2005 Kashmir earthquake occurred near the vicinity of the Main Himalayan Thrust. Earthquake. The earthquake occurred in an unusual region because the western boundary of the India-Eurasia plate boundary was thought to be aseismic; unable to produce earthquakes. The India Plate slips beneath the Kohat Plateau along an almost horizontal decollement at a rate of 2 mm/yr. Slips occur aseismically due to the presence of salt, which acts as a lubricant between the plateau and the underlying bedrock, reducing friction during slip and avoiding earthquakes. At the location of the earthquake, the loss of salt on the decollement led to increased friction and seismic strain. Seismic strain is accumulated and overcame during earthquakes. The earthquake rupture covered a 80 km2 on a near-horizontal decollement thrust fault. The event led to the conclusion that slip on the decollement occurs both aseismically and seismically. It is the largest ever recorded in the Kohat Plateau. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018646 Daniela M. Ferreira Daniela M. Ferreira is a Brazilian British immunologist. She is a specialist in bacterial infection, respiratory co-infection, mucosal immunology and vaccine responses. She is currently the Head of Clinical Sciences Department and Professor of respiratory vaccines and infection immunology at Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine. She leads a team of scientists studying protective immune responses against pneumococcus and other respiratory pathogens such as SARS-CoV2. Her team has established a novel method of inducing pneumococcal carriage in human volunteers. They use this model to: Her team has played a substantial role in the UK covid-19 pandemic response as a trial site for several COVID-19 vaccine studies including the Oxford / Astrazeneca vaccine.#lt;ref name="Oxford / Astrazeneca vaccine"#gt;#lt;/ref#gt; Ferreira is part of the HIC-VAC consortium and Leads the WorkStream on Human Challenge Plataform to accelerate product development in the UKRI Infection Innovation Consortium (iicon). Research and career. Ferreira obtained a Degree and Bachelor's Degree in Biological Sciences in 2005 and a Ph.D. in Immunology in 2009, both from the University of Sao Paulo (Sao Paulo, Brazil). During her PhD, Ferreira was awarded the Robert Austrian Research Award in Pneumococcal Vaccinology. Ferreira joined the Respiratory Infection group at Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine as a postdoctoral fellow in December 2009 and together with Prof. Stephen Gordon led the development of an Experimental Human Pneumococcal Nasopharyngeal Colonization Model. Ferreira was appointed Professor and subsequent Head of Department of Clinical Sciences in 2018. Her main lines of research are: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018649 Torre de Babia Torre de Babia (Astur-Leonese: "Torre") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 31. Geography. Torre de Babia is located 87km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018652 2021 Governor General's Awards The shortlisted nominees for the 2021 Governor General's Awards for Literary Merit were announced on October 14, 2021, and the winners were announced on November 17. The 2021 awards returned to their traditional scheduling and presentation in the fall of the year, following the postponement of the 2020 Governor General's Awards to spring 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018654 Erling Mortensen Erling Mortensen (born 5 April 1955), is a Danish chess International Master (IM) (1980), four-times Danish Chess Championship winner (1981, 1987, 1989, 1991). Biography. From the mid-1970s to the mid-2000s Erling Mortensen was one of the leading Danish chess players. He participated many times in the finals of Danish Chess Championships and won four gold medals: 1981, 1987, 1989, and 1991. In 1989, in Espoo he participated in World Chess Championship Zonal tournament and shared 10th-11th place. He has participated in many international chess tournaments, where he has achieved the best success: 1st place in Winterthur (1976), 2nd place in Copenhagen (1983), 1st place in "Reykjavik Open" (1990), 2nd place in Valby (1994), 1st place in Politiken Cup (Copenhagen, 1997), 3rd place in Koga (1997), 1st place in Copenhagen (2004). Erling Mortensen played for Denmark in the Chess Olympiads: Erling Mortensen played for Denmark in the European Team Chess Championships: Erling Mortensen played for Denmark in the Nordic Chess Cups: In 1980, Erling Mortensen was awarded the FIDE International Master (IM) title. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018655 Chess at the 2021 Pekan Olahraga Nasional Chess tournaments at the 2021 Pekan Olahraga Nasional were held between 4 October to 13 October in Hotel Swiss Bell, Merauke. 100 chess players from 23 provinces participated in events that are divided into three categories: blitz chess, rapid chess, and standard chess. Each category is composed of five events: men's team, women's team, men's individual, women's individual, and limited individual. The limited individual event is a new event for chess player ages over the age of 60. Medal summary. Medal table. Note: "*" labels the host province Source: PON XX Papua 2021 official website Medalists. Women's events. Source: PON XX Papua 2021 official website 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018675 Vega de Viejos Vega de Viejos or La Vega de los Viejos (Astur-Leonese: "Veiga Viechos") is a locality located in the municipality of Cabrillanes, in Leon province, Castile and Leon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 42. Geography. Vega de Viejos is located 92km northwest of Leon, Spain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018681 Taala Te Kunjee Taala Te Kunjee () is a 2017 feature documentary written and directed by Shilpi Gulati that follows the journey of four former drug addicts and alcoholics from Amritsar, Punjab who are helping families recover from the rampant drug problem in the state. It was produced by JPS Bhatia. In 2019, the film was awarded the National Film Awards for Best Film on Social Issues and a cash prize of Rs. 50,000. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018749 The Fable of the Dragon-Tyrant "The Fable of the Dragon-Tyrant" is a 2005 short story about ageing and death by the Swedish philosopher Nick Bostrom. It relates the misery inflicted by a dragon-tyrant (a personification of the ageing process and death), who demands a tribute of thousands of people's lives per day and the actions of the people, including the king, who come together to fight back, eventually killing the dragon-tyrant. The story argues that humans for most of history have lacked the tools to fight the monster of death, but now we might have the capacity to fight it. Publication history. The story has been published in "Philosophy Now", and the "Journal of Medical Ethics". It has been translated into multiple languages, including Chinese, Czech, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hebrew, Italian, Polish, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian and Spanish. In popular culture. The YouTuber CGP Grey produced an animated adaptation in 2018; it was highly praised by the Life Extension Advocacy Foundation. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018766 Glogow Town Hall The origins of the Glogow Town Hall date back to the end of the 13th century, to the times of the town's incorporation by Conrad I of Glogow, when a watchtower was built. Over time the building was extended and in 1349 a two-winged, brick town hall was built. The building was damaged by fires in 1420 and 1433, however, the biggest fire took place in 1574, after which the town hall was rebuilt in a Renaissance style, while the tower was topped with a cupola. The appearance of the building from that period was immortalized in the 18th century in a drawing by Friedrich Bernhard Werner, which was published in "Topographia Seu Compendium Silesiae". The town hall lost its Renaissance form during a thorough reconstruction in 1823-1835, designed by architect A. Soller. Two contrasting wings were created at that time: the western wing with Prussian Classicist features and the eastern wing, built in the Florentine style, fashionable at that time. In the 19th century the clock on the town hall tower had its hands reversed - the large one indicated hours, the small one minutes. It was the reason for frequent arguments and misunderstandings between visitors and locals. The townspeople of Glogow felt a kind of pride, treating the clock as a distinctive feature of their town. Later the town hall was equipped with a clock made by the Glogau Weiss clock factory, which won a gold medal at the 1873 world exhibition in Vienna. A banner with a Nazi swastika was hoisted for the first time on the Glogow town hall on March 5, 1933. During the fights for Glogow in 1945 the town hall was severely damaged. Only the lower parts of the tower remained. The decision to rebuild the town hall as it was after its reconstruction in 1835 was taken by the Municipal Office in January 1984 and construction works started in May 1984. The investment cost amounted to PLN 14 million over 18 years. The western wing of the building was completed in 2000. Since 2002, the town hall has been serving the town's residents again as it houses the Municipal Office. The tower, 80.35 m high (the highest town hall tower in Silesia and the second highest in Poland, after the Main Town Hall in Gdansk; it is 13 cm lower than the original from 1720), was reconstructed in 1994-1996, based on the original from 1720. It has a square base, transitioning to an octagon higher up. A tender was issued in 2016 for the plastering of the tower. The clock was also restored, with a 3.55 m diameter of the dials. An observation deck is located at a height of 47.07 m. Valuable interiors, dating mainly from the turn of the Gothic and Renaissance, have been preserved in the eastern wing on the first floor. One of the rooms has a net vault - supported on a central column. The adjoining room is decorated with a crystal vault. Radio Elka Glogow (89.6 MHz; ERP 0.2 kW) broadcasts from the town hall tower. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018769 Arun Kumar Pandey Major Arun Kumar Pandey, SC is an Indian Army Officer. He received the third highest peace-time military decoration, Shaurya Chakra, from the President of India on the 75th Independence Day (15 August 2021). He eliminated two hardcore terrorists during the Valley operation in Jammu and Kashmir in June 2020. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018828 2022 Tour de France Femmes The 2022 Tour de France Femmes, (officially Tour de France Femmes avec Zwift), will be the first edition of the Tour de France Femmes, one of women's cycling's two grand tours. The race is scheduled for 24 to 31 July 2022. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018843 Music of the Spheres World Tour The Music of the Spheres World Tour will be the eighth concert tour undertaken by British alternative rock band Coldplay. It was announced on 14 October 2021, in support of their ninth studio album "Music of the Spheres", which marked the band's return after the COVID-19 pandemic. They had not toured for the promotion of their previous album, "Everyday Life", as it was decided to pause touring until they could work out how to ensure that it would be environmentally friendly. This vision will be realised in the Music of the Spheres World Tour: alongside the announcement, the band released a detailed plan setting out how they could have a minimal impact on the environment, resulting in 50% less carbon dioxide generated in relation to the A Head Full of Dreams Tour. The plan was developed for over two years by Coldplay and a number of leading environmental experts, and features a number of innovative sustainability strategies. For example, the band have joined forces with BMW to create the first "mobile, rechargeable show battery" to power each concert on the tour, and have announced that the tour's stage will be built from "a combination of lightweight, low-carbon and re-usable materials (including bamboo and recycled steel) that can be properly reused or recycled at the end of the tour". They have also pledged to plant one tree for every ticket sold. The tour will feature extensive pyrotechnic and confetti visuals similar to the Mylo Xyloto Tour and the A Head Full of Dreams Tour, and will also include a third generation of Xylobands for audience members to wear. However, according to Coldplay's sustainability plan, these features will be adapted in such a way that their inclusion in each show on the tour will be more considerate towards the environment: the band have stated that they are investing in "a new generation of sustainable pyrotechnics that have less explosive charge and new formulas that greatly reduce or eliminate harmful chemicals", that "confetti used during the show will be 100% biodegradable and will require significantly less compressed gas for ignition than on previous tours", and that the LED wristbands will be made from 100% compostable, plant-based materials". The first leg will be visiting the Americas and Europe, starting in Costa Rica's Estadio Nacional on 18 March 2022. Reception. Ticket sales for the European leg were opened on 22 October 2021. Due to high demand, Coldplay announced a fifth and sixth date at Wembley Stadium in the same day. On 26 October 2021, more extra dates were made available at King Baudouin Stadium and Stade de France, with Fnac reporting that the band sold over 200,000 tickets in record time on the latter venue. According to an article published by "NME" on the same day, the tour has already sold over one million tickets across the continent. General sales for Argentina opened on 9 December 2021, the band added three extra shows at Estadio Monumental Antonio Vespucio Liberti throughout the day and sold another 200,000 tickets in less than seven hours. During the next day it was confirmed that all dates for the country were officially sold out. On 13 December 2021, Punto Ticket, the company responsible for sales and distribution in Chile, reported that the Music of the Spheres World Tour has already sold over two million tickets globally. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018881 Ken Greatrex George Kenneth William "Ken" Greatrex (date of birth unknown) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He made appearances in the English Football League for Wrexham. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018895 1969 European Ladies' Team Championship The 1969 European Ladies' Team Championship took place 3-6 July at Halmstad Golf Club in Tylosand, Sweden. It was the sixth women's golf amateur European Ladies' Team Championship. Venue. The tournament was played at the North course at Halmstad Golf Club in Tylosand, Halmstad Municipality, 9 kilometers west of Halmstad city center in Halland County, Sweden. The club was founded in 1930. Its first 18-hole course was constructed by Rafael Sundblom and approved in 1938. A new course was inaugurated in 1967, when nine new holes were constructed, which together with the last nine holes of the old course formed the new North Course. Format. All participating teams played one qualification round of stroke-play with up to five players, counted the four best scores for each team. The eight best teams formed flight A, in knock-out match-play over the next three days. The teams were seeded based on their positions after the stroke play. Each of the four best placed teams were drawn to play the quarter final against one of the teams in the flight placed in the next four positions. In each match between two nation teams, two 18-hole foursome games and five 18-hole single games were played. Teams were allowed to switch players during the team matches, selecting other players in to the afternoon single matches after the morning foursome matches. The four teams placed 9-12 in the qualification stroke-play formed Flight B to play similar knock-out play and the four teams placed 13-15 formed Flight C, to meet each other to decide their final positions. Teams. A record number of 15 nation teams contested the event. Czechoslovakia, Luxemburg and Norway took part for the first time. Each team consisted of a minimum of four players. Players in the leading teams Other participating teams Winners. Two-times champion team France won the opening 18-hole competition, with a score of 28 over par 316, 15 strokes ahead of host nation Sweden. Individual leader in the opening 18-hole stroke-play qualifying competition was Brigitte Varangot, France, with a score of 3-over-par 75, two shots ahead of teammate and 1967 U.S. Women's Open champion Catherine Lacoste, who made her first appearance in the European Ladies' Team Championship. There was no official award for the lowest individual score. Team France won the championship earning their third title, beating defending champions England in the final 6-1. Results. Qualification round Team standings Individual leaders Flight A Bracket Final games Flight B Bracket Flight C Final standings Sources: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018902 Tobias Ekberg Tobias Ekberg (born 13 January 1994) is a professional Swedish ice hockey player. He currently plays for Leksands IF in the Swedish Hockey League. He was born in Toreboda, Sweden and represented the youth team Toreboda HF. Ekberg previously played for Malmo Redhawks and Djurgardens IF. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018908 Gregory Polan Gregory Polan (born January 2, 1950) is an American Benedictine monk, priest, abbot, scripture scholar, musician, and author. He is a member of Conception Abbey located in Conception, Missouri, which is part of the Swiss-American Congregation and the Benedictine Confederation. He was previously elected and served as the ninth abbot of Conception Abbey. He presently serves as the tenth Abbot Primate of the Order of St. Benedict with residence in Rome, Italy, at Sant'Anselmo all'Aventino. Biography. Early life. John Polan (known by his family as "Jack") was born on 2 January 1950 in Berwyn, Illinois, USA, to Edward and Martha Rita (nee Kasperski) Polan as one of three boys. He began attending St. Mary's grade school in Riverside, Illinois, followed by the minor seminary of Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago. Polan would then make a visit to Conception Abbey in Missouri to explore a call to the Benedictine monastic way of life. Monastic life. Polan entered the novitiate of Conception Abbey in 1970 and made his religious profession as a monk on 28 August 1971 being given the name of ""Gregory"." He continued further studies in Philosophy and Theology and completed his M.A. in Theology 1975 at St. John's School of Theology with the following graduate papers: ""The Development of the 'Hymn' in Western Liturgical Prayer from Apostolic Times to the Beginning of the Seventh Century"," ""The Eucharist as a Confession of Faith in John 6"," and ""The Parable of the Sower and the Seed in Matthew 13: A Study in Redaction-Criticism"." He would be ordained as a Roman Catholic priest on 26 May 1977. After returning to his home abbey for a short period of pastoral work and teaching, he was later assigned to Saint Paul University in Ottawa, Canada, to complete further studies in biblical exegesis. In 1984 he would receive his Ph.D. in Sacred Scripture with his dissertation entitled ""In the ways of justice toward salvation: a rhetorical analysis of Isaiah 56-59"." Upon returning to Conception Abbey, he would begin a period of teaching in the Abbey's College Seminary (Scripture, Hebrew, Greek, Liturgy, Music) and would serve for ten years as President-Rector of the College Seminary. On 6 November 1996 he would be elected as the ninth abbot of Conception Abbey. During his time as abbot he continued work in teaching, offering retreats, assisting with translations of the New American Bible, and serving as a consultant to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. Polan was brought to the larger public attention on 11 June 2002 when he had to serve as the spokesperson for the Abbey following a tragedy. A gunman carrying an assault rifle entered the abbey killing two monks and injuring another two monks. The gunman subsequently killed himself in the encounter with police never finding a motive for the gunman's actions. Latin-rite Catholics in the English-speaking world will know of Polan's work with the revised translation of the 1963 Grail Psalms which is used in parish liturgical services. This project began in 1998 and received final approval from the Vatican in 2018. In additional to this work, he was also involved with the revised Liturgy of the Hours, the Lectionary, the New American Bible, and the Roman Missal. On 16 September 2016 Polan would be elected the Abbot Primate of the Order of St. Benedict and the Benedictine Confederation. The office of Abbot Primate was created by Pope Leo XIII in 1893 to serve the Benedictine monastic community as its liaison to the Vatican and civil authorities, to promote unity among the various autonomous Benedictine monasteries and congregations, and to represent the order at religious gatherings around the globe. He serves as abbot of the Primatial Abbey of Sant'Anselmo, the grand Chancellor of the Pontifical University of Saint Anselm, and oversees the College of Sant'Anselmo in his appointment of its Prior and Rector. Polan is the tenth Abbot Primate and the fourth American to be elected. Bibliography. In addition to numerous articles, book reviews, conferences, lectures, and videos that can be found, here are Polan's most notable book publications and musical compositions: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018944 Lomnica Palace The Lomnica Palace is a Baroque palace from the 17th century with a separate residential building, the so-called "Widow's House", located in the northern part of Lomnica, at the separation of roads to Karpniki and Wojanow, about five kilometers from Jelenia Gora. History of the Palace and the "Widow's House". The first information about the Lomnica estate comes from the years 1475-1654. At that time, the estate belonged to the von Zedlitz family. Between 1654 and 1737 it was owned by the Tomagnini family and from the third quarter of the 17th century until 1811 by the Menzl family. The Lomnica estates were then in the hands of the Flach and von Roth families until in 1835 Carl Gustaw von Kuster bought the estate. The early Baroque manor house was built around the second half of the 17th century. The main body and two corner alcoves date back to this period. In the 1820s, during a reconstruction, changes were made to the appearance of the facade and the interior. The reconstruction project is attributed to Martin Franz of Reval. The most significant changes in the appearance of the building were made in the years 1838-1844 by Albert Tollberg. Changes were made to the layout of rooms, a representative staircase was erected, new storeys were built and window openings were enlarged. After World War II, the palace was taken over by the Polish state. A school was located in the palace until 1977. Since the end of the 1970s, it has been abandoned and fell into ruin. In 1992, the palace was bought by a Polish-German partnership, which began renovation works. The "Widow's House" mansion was built between 1803 and 1804 by Christian Gottfried Mentzel. The building was intended for an elderly member of the von Menzel family. After the war, the house was used for residential purposes. Currently the building houses a hotel, a restaurant and a cafe. The farm complex located next to the palace now serves as a commercial and catering facility (flax products, regional products, bakery, restaurant, blacksmith shop). The Lomnica Palace belonged to: Description of the palace and the "Widow's House". The palace is a three-storey building built on a square plan with corner alcoves and [[avant-corps) () in the facade. The alcoves are covered with flattened cupolas, the main body of the palace with a hipped roof. A balcony portal is located centrally in the facade. The palace's interior layout has not changed. Large fragments of wall paintings from the early 18th century and the 19th century have survived in the rooms on the first floor. The palace serves as a museum of the interiors. The "Widow's House" mansion, currently used as a hotel, is a Neoclassical building erected on a rectangular plan, 2-storeyed, covered with a hipped roof. Higher pseudo-risalite are situated on the northern and southern sides. The interior has two sections which preserve the original layout of the rooms. Bibliography. [[Category:Palaces in Poland]] [[Category:Lower Silesian Voivodeship]] 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018969 Al Ulaya Sub-Municipality Baladiyah Al Ulaya (Arabic: bldy@ l`ly), officially the Ulaya Sub-Municipality, is an urban baladiyah in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Founded in 1978 (1398 Hijri), it consists of 15 other commercial and residential districts, including King Abdulaziz District, King Fahd District, King Abdullah District and most of al-Olaya and as-Sulimaniyah besides being responsible for their development, planning and maintenance. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018979 South Hero (CDP), Vermont South Hero is the primary village and a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of South Hero, Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 225, out of 1,674 in the entire town of South Hero. The CDP is in southern Grand Isle County, on the Lake Champlain island of South Hero in the center of the town of the same name. It is bordered to the north by Keeler Bay, an arm of the east channel of Lake Champlain. U.S. Route 2 passes through the village, leading southeast to Burlington and north to Alburgh. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69018987 Self-Portrait with Cigarette Self-Portrait with Cigarette () is an 1895 painting by the Norwegian artist Edvard Munch. Munch's use of the cigarette and physical decay as a rejection of societal values aroused controversy following the self-portrait's 1895 exhibition. As of 2021, the work is held by the National Gallery in Oslo. Composition. The artist is surrounded by a dark shadow as he holds a smoking cigarette. John Ravenal compares the painting's dramatic lighting to that of a stage. Sue Prideaux writes that "Munch appears from the cigarette smoke like a genie from a bottle". The cigarette, which the art historian Patricia Berman calls "a nexus for marginal social identities in the 1890s", was a symbol for "deviancy" and the "social dissolution" between class and gender boundaries. Thus, its inclusion in the self-portrait rejects traditional values and associates Munch with bohemianism and decadence. Berman also believes that the artist's depiction of himself with a "thin, dissolving body" and "sallow skin" employs physical decay to challenge social and health norms. History. The painting was exhibited at Blomqvist's in Oslo during the autumn of 1895, along with Munch's other works including the 1893 version of "The Scream", the 1894-1895 version of "Madonna", and "Vampire". The self-portrait was originally intended to be exhibited as "twin wedding portraits" with Munch's portrait of his supposed lover Dagny Juel. However, Juel's father asked Munch to take down his daughter's portrait before the exhibition, which Munch did. "Self-Portrait with Cigarette" was purchased that year by the National Gallery, now part of the National Museum of Norway. The self-portrait's exhibition led to controversy surrounding Munch's mental health. Johan Scharffenberg, then a medical student, suggested the painting to be a manifestation of Munch's amorality and mental degeneration; Scharffenberg diagnosed the artist as a sick and corrupting influence on Norwegian youth. Berman identifies this and other criticism of the painting's potential danger towards society to be motivated by influential thinkers such as Max Nordau. From 1908 to 1909, Munch produced a lithograph also titled "Self-Portrait with Cigarette". He also made a photographic reproduction of the painting some time between 1907 and 1909. From February to May 2006, the self-portrait and 86 other paintings by Munch were featured at the Museum of Modern Art in New York for the first 21st-century retrospective of Munch's career, titled "Edvard Munch: The Modern Life of the Soul". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019040 Boiling Point (2021 film) Boiling Point is a 2021 British drama film directed by Philip Barantini and starring Stephen Graham. It is a one-shot film set in a restaurant kitchen. It is an expansion of a 2019 short film of the same name, also directed by Barantini and starring Graham. The film premiered at the 55th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival on 23 August 2021. It was released in the United Kingdom on 7 January 2022. The film was met with critical acclaim. Reception. Box office. In the United Kingdom, the film earned $107,525 from fifty-three theaters in its opening weekend. Critical response. At the 2021 British Independent Film Awards, "Boiling Point" was nominated for eleven awards and won four -- including Best Supporting Actress for Vinette Robinson, Best Casting, Best Cinematography, and Best Sound. Glenn Kenny of "The New York Times" noted in regards to the film's one-shot nature that, "when [the camera] trails a restaurant worker taking out the trash, the viewer knows they're not being removed from the central action just to observe labor -- there's a plot point to be ticked." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019051 2021 Saint Helena general election General elections were held in Saint Helena on 13 October 2021 to elect the 12 members of the Legislative Council. They were the first elections after a March 2021 referendum on changing the governance system of Saint Helena from a committee system to a ministerial system. Following the election, the island's first Chief Minister, Julie Thomas, was elected by members of the Legislative Council on its first session on 25 October. Electoral system. The 12 seats in the Legislative Council were elected by plurality-at-large voting, with voters allowed to cast up to 12 votes. There are no registered political parties, so all candidates ran as independents. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019063 Tyron Mbuenimo Tyron Thomson Mbuenimo (born 5 November 2003) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Bristol Rovers. Career. Early Career. Mbuenimo started his career in the youth system of Tottenham Hotspur before being released. After Tottenham he joined the 'Onside Academy' who try to get players back into league clubs. Bristol Rovers. Mbuenimo joined Bristol Rovers in the May 2020 following a successful trial period. On 13 October 2021, Mbuenimo made his senior debut, coming off of he bench in an EFL Trophy group-stage defeat to Chelsea U21s. Yate Town (loan). On 9 September 2021, Mbuenimo joined Southern League Premier Division side Yate Town on a one-month youth loan deal. He made his debt for the club off of the bench 6 days later in a 2-0 home defeat to Truro City. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019075 Begunovtsi Begunovtsi (Bulgarian: Begunovtsi, ) is a village in western Bulgaria. Its located in Oblast Pernik, Obshtina Breznik. Geography. The village of Begunovtsi is located in a mountainous area. The river Razhditsa passes through the village. There is also a fountain with spring water. The dam of the village of Begunovtsi allows the development of sport fishing and also to irrigate the agricultural land. The village is close to the towns of Pernik and Breznik, and a little further from Sofia. History. At the outbreak of the Balkan War, two people from Begunovtsi were volunteers in the Macedonian-Adrianopolitan outbreak. Cultural and nature landmarks. Izvora - In the village of Begunovtsi there is spring water (the so-called Old Fountain). The old fountain was built in 1921 and still exists today. According to Laserman Assenov Minev, the presence of this water is the reason for the Begunovtsi refugees who fled from the Turks to settle in this area near the spring. Laserman believes that the Begunovtsi people lived before in the village of Nepraznentsi and robbed the Turkish treasury there. This robbery really happened. Laserman says that a man of his kind, the shepherd Miter, discovered years later the wealth buried by a robbery of the Turkish treasury. The Turks killed many of the Begunovtsi for revenge, but some of them managed to escape and years later settled at the source of the Old Fountain and the people from the surrounding villages recognized them and called the village Begnovtsi (later the Russians called it Begunovtsi). Cherkvata - The old church of the village of Begunovtsi has an architectural plan. The iconostasis dates from the beginning of the 17th century and can be connected with the school of St. Pimen Zografski. In the summer of 2009 a major renovation of the church and the bell tower in the village began. The bell tower was built by master Asen Minev Paunkov. Old houses - There are various old houses in the village. You can see even the most primitive so-called. braids, but they are in very poor condition and are likely to be destroyed for safety reasons. But in the village there are three very old and nice houses of rich runners from the past. These are: Others - The village has a stadium, which is of amatur size - 70/40 and a football club ,Zapadno eho" 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019104 Jacob Magidoff Jacob Magidoff (June 22, 1869 - August 26, 1943) was a Russian-born Jewish-American Yiddish journalist and newspaper editor. Life. Magidoff was born on June 22, 1869 in Odessa, Russia, the son of Aaron Magidoff and Dora Aronovitz. Magidoff attended a religious primary school, a Russian school, and an Odessa high school. He immigrated to America in 1886, settling in New York and initially working in the sweatshops as a shirt stitcher while studying in the evening. A leader in the Jewish labor movement, he was an initiator and co-founder of the United Hebrew Trades in 1888 and an active member of the Socialist Labor Party. He worked for some time as an English teacher while studying at New York University School of Law. He was admitted to the bar in 1904, but he only worked as a lawyer for a few years before he began working full-time in Yiddish journalism. He graduated from New York University with an LL.B. in 1902. In 1894, Magidoff became associate editor of the "Arbeiter Zeitung". From 1896 to 1899, he was city editor of Dos Abend Blatt. He then worked for the "Jewish Daily News" from 1896 to 1899, followed by the "Abendpost" from 1900 to 1901. In 1901, he became city editor of the "Jewish Morning Journal". In 1926, he became the paper's chief editorial writer. He relinquished the position of city editor in 1935, but he remained an editorial writer for the paper. He ran a daily column in the paper called "Kurts un Sharf" (Short and Sharp). He also wrote for the monthly journals "Di Tsukunft" (The Future) and "Di Naye Tsayt" (The New Times) from 1898 to 1899, and was at one point a contributor to "The Forward". From 1925 to 1928, he edited the weekly "Der Amerikaner" (The American), which published articles on Yiddish writers. He visited the Soviet Union in 1928 and wrote a series of articles depicting life under the Soviet regime. In 1923, he published a volume of characterizations on Jewish personalities in New York called "Der Shpigl fun der Ist Said" (The Mirror of the East Side). In 1896, Magidoff married Tinnie Jacobson. Their children were Bella, Helen, and Dorothy. Magidoff died at his home in 120 Ocean Parkway in Brooklyn on August 26, 1943. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019121 Meyers-Serrin theorem In functional analysis the Meyers-Serrin theorem, named after James Serrin and Norman George Meyers, states that smooth functions are dense in the Sobolev space formula_1. Historical relevance. Originally there were two spaces: formula_1 defined as the set of all functions which have weak derivatives of order up to k all of which are in formula_3 and formula_4 defined as the closure of the smooth functions with respect to the corresponding Sobolev norm (obtained by summing over the formula_3 norms of the functions and all derivatives). The theorem establishes the equivalence formula_6 of both definitions. According to the standard reference on Sobolev spaces by Adams and Fournier (p60): "This result, published in 1964 by Meyers and Serrin ended much confusion about the relationship of these spaces that existed in the literature before that time. It is surprising that this elementary result remained undiscovered for so long." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019174 Jarupong Thongsin for Democracy Award Jarupong Thongsin for Democracy Award () is an award given by the student council of Thammasat University to recognize democracy defender same as Jarupong Thongsin, the victim in 6 October 1976 massacre. The award is given annually on 6 October commemoration event at Thammasat University. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019247 Halbeath railway station Halbeath railway station served the village of Halbeath, Fife, Scotland, from 1851 to 1930 on the Dunfermline Branch. History. The station was opened in July 1851 by the Edinburgh and Northern Railway. To the east of the level crossing was the goods yard and the signal box and on the eastbound platform was the station building. To the north was Halbeath Colliery, which was accessed by the Halbeath Waggonway to the east. The station closed on 1 January 1917 but it reopened on 1 June 1919, before closing permanently on 22 September 1930. The platforms are gone but the station building still survives. The signal box was replaced by the Edinburgh Signalling Centre in 1981. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019371 G. A. Grisenthwaite Gordon Grisenthwaite is a Nlaka'pamux writer from Canada, whose debut novel "Home Waltz" was a shortlisted finalist for the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction at the 2021 Governor General's Awards. A member of the Lytton First Nation, Grisenthwaite worked as a graphic designer in Vancouver and Kelowna, before completing his master's in English literature and creative writing at the University of Windsor in the late 2010s. He has published short stories and poetry in various Canadian literary magazines including "The Antigonish Review" and "Prism International"; his short story "The Fine Art of Frying Eggs" was the winner of the John Kenneth Galbraith Literary Award in 2013, and his short story "Splatter Patterns" was shortlisted for the 2021 CBC Short Story Prize. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019402 Sebastian Heindl Sebastian Heindl (born 1997 in Gera, Germany) is a German organist. Education. Heindl began studying piano at age five and then at age ten became a singer in the Thomanerchor of the St. Thomas Church in Leipzig, where he began studying the organ under the university organist, . He is currently studying the organ under Martin Schmeding and at the University of Music and Theatre Leipzig. Career. Heindl has made recordings for MDR Fernsehen and Bayerischer Rundfunk public broadcasters and was featured in a BBC documentary with John Eliot Gardiner. In 2017, he performed the Concerto pour orgue, cordes et timbales of Francis Poulenc with the Jungen Mitteldeutschen Kammerorchester in the Gewandhaus in Leipzig. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019432 Ruth G. Capen Ruth Goldthwaite Capen (May 7, 1893 - June 15, 1974) was an American chemist, employed in the United States Department of Agriculture. Early life and education. Capen was born in Stoughton, Massachusetts, the daughter of Frank Irving Capen and Anna Louise Goldthwaite Capen. Her father was a civil engineer and town official. She graduated from Smith College in 1918. Other notable members of the extended Capen family from Stoughton include Elmer Hewitt Capen, president of Tufts University, and missionary Fannie Bishop Capen. Career. Capen was an analytical chemist in the pharmacognosy and soil laboratories of the Bureau of Agricultural and Industrial Chemistry, part of the United States Department of Agriculture, based in Washington, D.C. Much of her research involved studying the nutritional content of food crops. In 1932 she traveled with Emma A. Winslow, director of social statistics at the Children's Bureau. In 1943, the year her father died, she moved to Winter Park, Florida, where her mother also lived part-time. She was active in Smith alumnae activities in Florida. Personal life. Ruth Capen died in Florida in 1974, aged 81 years. With increasing interest in alternative grains, Capen's articles, especially her 1948 paper on wild rice, continue to be cited as early studies in that literature. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019473 Boras Ladies Open The Boras Ladies Open was a women's professional golf tournament on the Swedish Golf Tour and LET Access Series played between 2015 and 2016 in Boras, Sweden. Boras Golf Club hosted its first LET/LETAS event in 2015, after the club was slated to host the Boras European Masters on the 1987 Ladies European Tour but the event got stricken from the schedule. In 2015 Olivia Cowan won her second title of the season here, on her way to top the LETAS Order of Merit. In 2016 Josephine Janson recorded a wire-to-wire win for her first professional title. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019492 Listed buildings in Langsett Langsett is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England. The parish contains 18 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest". The parish contains the village of Langsett, and is otherwise almost completely rural. The listed buildings consist of houses, farmhouses and farm buildings, milestones, a wayside cross, a "take off" stone, and a public house. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019543 Beatien Yazz Beatien Yazz (born March 5, 1928), also called Jimmy Toddy, is a Navajo American painter born near Wide Ruins, Arizona. He exhibited his work around the world and is known for his paintings of animals and people and for his children's book illustrations. Some of his works have been in the permanent collection of institutions including the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Gilcrease Museum, the Logan Museum of Anthropology, the Museum of New Mexico, the Philbrook Museum of Art, and the Southwest Museum of the American Indian. Early life. Yazz was born to Joe and Desbah Toddy on the Navajo Reservation near Wide Ruins, Arizona. He often went by his English-language name Jimmy Toddy, as well as by variations of Bea Etin Yazz ("Little No Shirt" in Navajo). As a young child, he colored with crayons and enjoyed making art. Bill and Sallie Lippencott, who ran the Wide Ruins Trading Post, recognized his talent and encouraged his art. He exhibited for the first time at age 10, with his work shown at a museum in Springfield, Illinois. Yazz attended the Wide Ruins Day School, followed by two years at the Santa Fe Indian School. Then he studied for three years at Fort Wingate Indian School and one year at the Sherman Indian High School. During World War II, Yazz lied about his age in order to serve in the United States Marine Corps as a Code talker, utilizing his knowledge of the Navajo language. When he returned to the reservation after the war, he dedicated himself to art. In the late 1940s he received a scholarship to study under painter Yasuo Kuniyoshi as part of a summer program at Mills College. During this program, he was able to paint with oil paint from a live model. Art career. Though Yazz worked for a time as a police officer in Fort Defiance, Arizona and as an art teacher at Carson Indian School, he dedicated most of his adult life to creating art full time. Yazz painted subjects familiar to him in a flat, colorful style with minimal backgrounds. He often used casein paint for his works. His paintings "record the natural movement of light and air with powerful drama." Yazz earned acclaim with collectors by the 1950s. Author Alberta Hannum wrote two popular books about his life, including illustrations by Yazz. "Spin a Silver Dollar" (Viking Press, 1944) told of his early life meeting the Lippencotts, and its sequel "Paint the Wind" (1958) continued Yazz's story as a young adult. "Spin a Silver Dollar" was condensed by Reader's Digest and was presented on Cavalcade of America. In addition to exhibiting and selling paintings, Yazz also created works on commission. He created some tiles for Gila Pottery, designed fabric on commission for Tumble-weed Prints, and had his work reproduced as greeting cards for a number of companies. By the 1970s, Yazz was suffering from severe eye problems and deteriorating eyesight. A Navajo Medicine man told him this was punishment for painting sacred Navajo figures. Without treatment, his eyes never improved, and Yazz was not able to paint past 1991. In early 1983, Yazz worked with Sallie Wagner (formerly Sallie Lippencott) and J.J. Brody to publish "Yazz: Navajo Painter", which told his life story and included a number of illustrations. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019547 Nataliia Chmutina Nataliia Chmutina (Ukrainian: Nataliia Chmutina; 18 December 1912 - 8 November 2005) was a Ukrainian architect and academician. Member of the National Union of Architects of Ukraine and Honorary Member of the Ukrainian Academy of Architecture. Biography. She was born in 1912 in Kyiv. From 1918 to 1926 she lived with her grandmother in Aramil (now Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia). She received a secondary education there. Later she studied at foreign language courses. At the same time she graduated from drawing courses. In 1930-1936 she studied at the Faculty of Architecture of the Kyiv Civil Engineering Institute in the studio of architect Volodymyr Zabolotny. In 1936, as a part of Zabolotny's team, she took part in a competition for the project of the Session Hall of the Verkhovna Rada building in Kyiv. Their project eventually won. From 1938 to 1941, she worked as an architect of the Capital Construction Department of the Aircraft Repair Plant No. 43 in Kyiv. In 1941-44, during the evacuation, she worked as an architect in the Aramil, Ivanovo and Moscow. Shortly after the liberation of Kyiv, she returned to the city. From 1946 to 1999 she taught at the National Academy of Visual Arts and Architecture. In 1952 she becomes first woman to receive Candidate of Architecture degree in the USSR. She was fluent in German and French and in 1965 spoke in Paris at the VIII Congress of the International Union of Architects. She died in 2005, at the age of 92. In 2012, commemorating 100th anniversary of her birth, at the house on the 22 Volodymyrska street in Kyiv, where the architect lived, on November 29, 2012, a memorial plaque was installed. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019554 2009 Serbian local elections A small number of municipalities in Serbia held local elections in 2009. These were not part of the country's regular cycle of local elections but instead took place in certain jurisdictions where either the local government had fallen or the last local elections for four-year terms had taken place in 2005. All local elections in 2009 were held under proportional representation. The direct election of mayors had been introduced in 2002 but was subsequently abandoned in 2007; in 2009, mayors were chosen by elected members of the local assemblies. Parties were required to cross a five per cent electoral threshold to win representation in the local assembles in 2009, although this requirement was waived for parties representing national minority communities. Results. Note: The first percentage column refers to the percentage of valid votes received by each list. The second column refers to the percentage of all votes. Lists were required to receive five per cent of "all" votes to cross the electoral threshold. Belgrade. Municipalities of Belgrade. Vozdovac. The municipal assembly of Vozdovac was dissolved on 5 March 2009, after the resignation in January of the municipality's mayor, Goran Lukacevic, and the president of its municipal assembly. Lukacevic continued to lead a provisional administration pending new elections, which took place on 7 June. The results of this election were as follows: Parliamentarian Marina Ragus led the Radical Party's list and took a seat in the municipal assembly afterwards. Post-election negotiations for a coalition government were not successful, and another municipal election was held on 6 December 2009. The results of this election were as follows: Aleksandar Savic of the Progressive Party was chosen as mayor after the election. On this occasion, Marina Ragus received the second position on the Radical Party's list. Zemun. The municipal assembly of Zemun was dissolved on 5 March 2009, after the assembly failed to adopt its municipal statute by the required deadline. There was also controversy over a number of disputed mandates claimed by the Radical Party. Zdravko Stankovic of the Democratic Party led a provisional authority pending new elections on 7 June. The results of the election were as follows: Branislav Prostran of the Progressive Party was chosen as mayor after the election. Vojvodina. South Backa District. Vrbas. The municipal government of Vrbas was dismissed in June 2009 following a breakdown in the local coalition and a non-functioning municipal assembly, and a new election was scheduled for 18 October 2009. Zeljko Vidovic of the Democratic Party was appointed as the leader of a provisional administration prior to the election. An explosive device was detonated under his car shortly after he accepted this position, although no-one was in the vehicle at the time. The results of the election were as follows: A new coalition government was formed after the election by the Democratic Party, the Socialist Party, and other parties. Zeljko Vidovic was chosen as mayor. He resigned in 2012 and was replaced by Milan Stanimirovic, also of the Democratic Party. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019579 Telegeusinae Telegeusinae (common name long-lipped beetles) is a small subfamily of beetles in the family Omethidae recognizable by enlarged palpi found in males. Though relatively rare, males are sometimes found in large numbers in black light traps. Females are not known in this group, but it is theorized that females are larviform as found in many closely related taxa. Description. The most recognizable features of Telegeusinae are the extremely long labial and maxillary palpi with enlarged terminal segments. All species are small, 3.5 to 8 mm in length. The body of these beetles is flattened dorsally, the elytra are short, the antennae are filiform with 11 segments, and the tarsi are 5 segmented. Taxonomy. The genus "Telegeusis" was first described in 1895 by Horn, and later placed within Drilidae by Leng in 1910. In 1920, "Telegeusis" was made its own family, Telegeusidae. This placement of "Telegeusis" was controversial at the time with some authors suggesting placement within Lymexylidae due to morphological similarities with "Atractocerus," and others placing it into Cantharidae. In 2007 molecular data supported treating the group as a subset of Omethidae, but a 2015 study based on morphological data placed Telegeusisidae as the sister group of Phengodidae. The taxonomic placement of this group remains unclear. Life history. Little is known about the life history of Telegeusinae. Males have been collected from March to July with most specimens collected in passive flight traps. These collections are concentrated to two hours before sunset, which is theorized to be the time period that females are receptive to mating. Many species have orange and black aposematic coloration, but it is unknown if they are toxic. There is one possible observation of a male associating with a milkweed plant. Habitat and range. Species are found from the Southwestern United States through Peru. They are found in a variety of ecosystems including prairies, deserts, and tropical rainforest. The highest diversity is found in Mexico. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019612 Faux (river) The Fau or Faux, also known as ruisseau de Faux (the "creek Faux") is a small but abundant river of the department of the Ardennes in France. It is a left-bank tributary of the Meuse. Geography. The Faux has its source to the east of the town of Les Mazures in the western part of the Massif of the Ardennes () located south of the Franco-Belgian border (south of the province of Namur) at a height of 380 m. At the place where it is born, it turns south, but soon after begins a wide loop that takes it north and then northeast. After a route of 19.4 kilometers, it merges with the Meuse at Revin. It is fed by numerous and abundant streams which, like it, flow down from the Ardennes massif It bathes the towns of Bourg-Fidele and Revin, but the river mostly runs in the middle of the forest. Municipalities and townships crossed. In the Ardennes department alone, the Faux crosses the following seven municipalities, from upstream to downstream: Les Mazures (source), Secheval, Renwez, Harcy, Bourg-Fidele, Rocroi, Revin (confluence). The source of the Faux is in the canton of Bogny-sur-Meuse, it then crosses the canton of Charleville-Mezieres-2, the canton of Rocroi, and has its confluence in the canton of Revin, in the arrondissement of Charleville-Mezieres. Managing body. The managing body of the Faux and its tributaries is the (EPTB) EPAMA. The Faux is part of the Meuse zone from the confluence of the Chiers to the confluence of the Semois. Tributaries. The Faux has seven referenced tributaries: Its Strahler number is therefore three. Hydrology. The Faux Basin is almost entirely located in an area with high rainfall. The modulus of the river at the confluence of the Meuse is , for a small watershed of . The depth of runoff of water flowing in this basin is 579 millimeters, which is high, much higher than that of the average for France, all basins combined, and even compared to the various rivers of the Meuse basin, generally very abundant. The average of the French basin of the Meuse at Chooz, near the Faux's exit from French territory, shows a water depth of 450 millimeters. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019625 Tolu Oloruntoba Tolu Oloruntoba is a Nigerian-Canadian poet and physician, whose debut poetry collection "The Junta of Happenstance" won the Governor General's Award for English-language poetry at the 2021 Governor General's Awards. Originally from Ibadan, Nigeria, Oloruntoba currently works in British Columbia as a manager of virtual health projects. His poetry chapbook "Manubrium" was shortlisted for the 2020 bpNichol Chapbook Award. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019641 Papaloapan Region (Veracruz) Papaloapan Region is one of the regions of Veracruz, Mexico. Geography. Papaloapan Region occupies a portion of the southern Gulf Coastal Plain, in the lower basins of the Papaloapan and Blanco rivers. It is bounded on the north by the Gulf of Mexico, on the northwest by Sotavento Region, on the west by Mountains Region, on the south by the state of Oaxaca, on the east by Olmeca and Los Tuxtlas regions. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019643 The Modern House The Modern House is a British estate agency that specialises in the sale and promotion of Modernist and 20th century architecture. It was founded by Matt Gibberd and Albert Hill in 2005. Gibberd and Hill met at school in Dorset and collected training shoes and Memphis Group furniture in their respective youths. Gibberd's grandfather was the modernist architect Frederick Gibberd. At the time the pair launched The Modern House, the pair were both editors on magazines; Gibberd was a senior editor at "World of Interiors" and Hill was the design editor of "Wallpaper*". The idea for the agency arose when Hill interviewed Martie Lieberman, an estate agent of Modern houses designed by Paul Rudolph in Sarasota in Florida. The first property sold by the agency was Six Pillars House, a Grade II* listed modernist house in Sydenham in south London. By 2015 the agency had sold 700 properties. The pair claim that they have sold properties to 17 artists that have been nominated for The Turner Prize. The offices of The Modern House are based in St Alphege's Hall, a 1930s church hall in the south London district of Borough. By 2015 the agency had sold 700 properties. In 2019 the average value of a property listed on The Modern House was PS1.1 million. A study conducted by Rightmove in 2017 and 2018 found that properties on The Modern House "received 70 per cent more views per online listing than other agents who listed the same properties". Writing in "The Guardian" in 2015 Ed Cumming felt that the website of The Modern House "shone like a beacon through the terraced fog of Zoopla and Rightmove: the Modern House. An estate agency designed like a high-concept lifestyle magazine, it had clean fonts on white space, art-standard photography and a refreshing lack of jargon". In 2019 Laura Barton wrote in "The Guardian" that the website of The Modern House offers a form of escapism with its "ordered beauty and outlandish prices . How sweet life would be, we think to ourselves, if we could spend our days in such open-plan, light-filled harmony". Helen Barrett, writing in the "Financial Times", felt the Modern House " . is as much a lifestyle brand, a publisher and a heritage champion as it is a seller of houses". In 2017 Gibberd and Hill published "Ornament Is Crime", an appraisal of Modernist architecture, and Gibberd's "A Modern Way to Live: 5 Design Principles from The Modern House" will be published in October 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019655 Milo (TV series) Milo is a 2D animated preschool and comedy series that first aired on Channel 5's Milkshake! Block on May 10, 2021, in the United Kingdom, ABC Kids in Australia, Cartoonito in Latin America, Clan In Spain and MiniMini+ in Poland. The series, produced by Fourth Wall Animation, was commissioned in May 2021 by the British Film Institute's Young Audiences Content Fund. Plot. Animated series about a cat called Milo who uses role-play to explore the world of work. Episodes. There are 30 episodes 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019671 Colored Catholic Congress The Colored Catholic Congress movement was a series of meetings organized by Daniel Rudd in the late 19th and early twentieth centuries for African-American Catholics to discuss issues affecting their communities, churches, and other institutions. The congresses ran from 1889 to 1894, before folding for unknown reasons. The movement was revived in the late 20th century as the National Black Catholic Congress, under the leadership of Bishop John Ricard, SSJ. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019686 Liselle Sambury Liselle Sambury is a Canadian writer of young adult fantasy literature, whose debut novel "Blood Like Magic" was a shortlisted finalist for the Governor General's Award for English-language children's literature at the 2021 Governor General's Awards. A native of Toronto, Ontario, Sambury studied creative writing at Queen's University. "Blood Like Magic" was published in 2021 by Simon #amp; Schuster. She currently resides in Timmins, a city which she has incorporated as a setting in her planned future novel "Butcherbirds". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019694 Bukreyevo-Bobrik Bukreyevo-Bobrik () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Bobrik River (a left tributary of the Reut River in the Seym basin), 36 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 60 km south-west of Kursk, 20 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 10.5 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Bukreyevo-Bobrik has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Bukreyevo-Bobrik is located 8.5 km from the road of regional importance (Lgov - Sudzha), 1 km from the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik), on the road (38N-443 - Stremoukhovo-Bobrik - border with Kurchatovsky District), 5.5 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "Derevenki" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 67 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 124 km from Belgorod International Airport and 266 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019715 Nigerian Business Coalition Against AIDS The Nigerian Business Coalition Against AIDS (NIBUCAA) is a coalition of Private organizations in Nigeria with the aim to complement government's effort in combating the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Nigeria. It was inaugurated on the 15th of February, 2003 by the former president of Nigeria, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo as part of the Nigerian national response to the HIV epidemic. The purpose of the Coalition is to harness the resources of the private sector to support the government in preventing the spread and mitigating the impact of HIV and AIDS in communities; to ensure that people within the corporate workforce, the most-at-risk population and Nigerians in general have access to HIV Counselling, testing, support and Information. The Coalition is headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria. It serves as a representative of the private sector on the Global Fund County Coordinating Mechanism. Currently, the Coalition is chaired by Herbert Wigwe, with Aliko Dangote, Mike Sangster, Osagie Okunbor, and Lars Richter as board members and Isaiah Owolabi as Chief Executive Officer. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019755 T. Trilby T. Trilby, pseudonym of Therese de Marnyhac (July 12, 1875, Paris - November 11, 1962, La Rochelle), was a French novelist. She also used the pseudonyms Mme Louis Delhaye (her married name) and Marraine Odette. Biography. Her father was a merchant in Paris. She had a strict upbringing and education. During WWI, she was a nurse working for the Red Cross and received the Legion of Honour. When the war was over, she continued to work for the Red Cross and looked after young girls in difficulty. In 1899, she married Louis Delhaye (b. 1868), an industrialist. They had a son. She wrote novels, mainly for young people, as well as novels for young women. In the later stage of her career from 1935 to 1961, her novels were illustrated by . Of an optimistic and enthusiastic nature, Trilby wished, through her writings, to transmit to children and young people the moral values which have been taught to her: admiration of the army, colonialist spirit, support of the Croix-de-Feu, hostility to Popular Front (in " Bouboule chez les Croix-de-feu " (1936) and in " Bouboule et le Front populaire " (1937)). Her novels "L'Inutile sacrifice" (1922) and "La Roue du moulinand" (1926) were published in the of the French women's magazine "Le Petit Echo de la Mode". Two of her novels earned awards from the Academie francaise: " Le Retour " ("Prix Monition" in 1920) and "En avant. Le petit roi des forains" ("Prix Sobrier-Arnould" in 1949). Since 1993, the Editions du Triomphe have reissued 35 of her works. Paul Renard, author of "L'Action francaise et la vie litteraire (1931-1944)", described her as a "romanciere d'extreme droite" (novelist of the far-right). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019780 Yen Hoang Yen Hoang (; born March 8, 1997) is an American wheelchair racer, who won two medals at the 2019 Parapan American Games. She came second at the 2021 Chicago Marathon and third at the 2021 Boston Marathon, and competed at the delayed 2020 Summer Paralympics. Personal life. Yen Hoang was born in Ho Chi Minh City on March 8, 1997, and then moved to the United States with her family when she was three years old. Hoang has cauda equina syndrome, and has used a wheelchair since the age of four. She started playing wheelchair basketball in middle school, and started track and field events at Evergreen High School in Vancouver, Washington. She has played wheelchair basketball at national youth level. Hoang attended the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign on a sports scholarship, graduating in business and accounting in 2019. Aside from wheelchair racing, Hoang works for KPMG. Career. In 2012, Hoang won the 3,200 meter wheelchair race at her school district competition. In 2014, she won the 800 meter and 3,200 meter events at the Tiger Invitational competition. Hoang competed at the 2015 Parapan American Games, in four events, and also at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships. At the 2019 Parapan American Games, Hoang won the 800 meters T53 event, and came second in the 400 meters T53 competition. She also came fourth in the final of the 100 meters T53 at the Games. Hoang was the second fastest women finisher at the virtual 2020 New York City Marathon, behind Susannah Scaroni. In 2021, Hoang came third in the New York Mini 10K wheelchair race. At the delayed 2020 Summer Paralympics, she finished eighth in the final of the 800 meters T53 event. Her time in the semi-final was a personal best. She also competed in the 100 meters T53, 400 meters T53 and 1500 meters T53 events. Hoang came second in the women's wheelchair race at the 2021 Chicago Marathon. It was her third Chicago Marathon, and she had previously finished seventh and 12th in the event. The next day, she came third in the women's wheelchair race at the 2021 Boston Marathon. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019799 Central Afghan highlands The central Afghan highlands, or the Afghan Highlands (Dari/; ), is a geographic region of Afghanistan. Stretching from the Sabzak Pass near Herat in the west to the Little Pamir in the northeast, it includes the main Hindu Kush range and forms a western extension of the Himalayas. It is a highland area of more than 1,500 m (4,900 ft) above sea level, mostly situated between 2,000 and 3,000 m (6,500 and 9,800 ft), with some peaks rising above 6,400 m (21,000 ft). Usually, the valley bottoms in the area are used for cereal and horticultural production, and the mountains and high plateaus are used as pasture in summer for grazing sheep, goats, cattle, and camels. Its total area is about 414,000 km2 (160,000 sq mi). The region contains about 225,000 km2 (87,000 sq mi) of summer pasture, which is used by both settled communities and nomadic pastoralists like the Kuchis. Major pastures in the region include the Nawur pasture in northern Ghazni Province (whose area is about 600 km2 at elevation of up to 3,350 m), and the Shewa pasture and the Little Pamir in eastern Badakhshan Province. The Little Pamir pasture, whose elevation is above 4,000 m (13,000 ft), is used by the Afghan Kyrgyz to raise livestock. The region includes Bamyan, Ghazni, Ghor, Logar, Nuristan, Paktia, Paktika, Panjshir, Parwan, and Wardak provinces, most of Badakhshan, Daykundi, Kabul, and Zabul, and adjacent parts of some neighboring provinces. It is inhabited by the Chahar Aimaq, Hazaras, Kyrgyz, Pashtuns, Tajiks, Uzbeks, Wakhis, and other tribes. History. The Highlands were a part of the wider region inhabited by Indo-Iranian tribes in ancient times, who called themselves "Arya" or "Arya". According to the scholar Michael Witzel, Airyanem Vaejah, i.e. "(the country) of the Aryan Springs" or "Aryan Rapids", which was mentioned in the Vendidad list in the Avesta as the first and best of the "16 Aryan countries" created by Ahura Mazda, was in the central Afghan highlands. Witzel stated that the Vendidad list "obviously was composed or redacted by someone who regarded Afghanistan and the lands surrounding it as the home of all Aryans ("Airiia"), that is of all (eastern) Iranians, with Airyanem Vaejah as their center." He added that Airyanem Vaejah "is also centrally located in terms of Avestan economy: all "Airiia" could use it during the two months of summer as pasture, just as the modern Afghans still do. The Highlands are, typical for early societies, not exactly a no man's land, but are a "common" territory, used, with partially overlapping pasture rights, by all "Airiia." Geography. The Highlands are cut through by the rivers of Afghanistan, including the Kabul, Helmand, Farah, Hari, Marghab, and Panj rivers. At the Shibar Pass, the Koh-i-Baba branches out from the Hindu Kush. The region has mountain pastures during summer ("sardsir"), watered by the many small streams and rivers. There are also pastures available during winter in the neighboring warm lowlands ("garmsir"), which makes the region ideal for seasonal transhumance. Forests exist between Nuristan and Paktika in the East Afghan montane conifer forests, and tundra exists in the northeast. An arc of the mountains extends up to Quetta, Ziarat, and Kalat in Balochistan in the south, which are home to large juniper forests. There are about 4,000 glaciers with an overall area of about 2,700 km2, mostly located between 4,000 and 5,000 m above sea level. Most of the glaciers occur in the east, mostly on north-facing slopes which are shaded by mountain peaks, or on the eastern slopes which are shaded by monsoon clouds. The glaciers are a major source of water for drinking and irrigation. However, they are now showing signs of shrinking and retreating due to climate change. The Badashkhan area in the northeastern part of the Highlands is the epicenter of many of the earthquakes in Afghanistan. Climate. The Highlands have a very cold winter and the temperature in January can reach below . In winter and early spring, the weather is significantly influenced by cold air masses from the north and northwest. Snow generally falls from November to March or April, with occasional snowfalls as early as October. On the southern slopes of the Hindu Kush exceeding 4,000 m, it can snow at anytime of the year including in high summer. The permanent snow line in the region ranges from 4,600 to 5,600 m, although glaciers and firns can also be found as low as 3,500 m. The summer is short and cool in the Highlands, and is mostly cloudless everywhere but in the eastern monsoon region. The precipitation varies considerably with topography, generally decreasing from the east to the arid west. For example, the annual mean precipitation is 992 mm (39 inches) at North Salang in the east, but only 133 mm (5 inches) at Bamyan in the west. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019811 Liu Jifu Liu Jifu (born July 1949) is a retired Chinese politician who spent his entire career in his home-province Jiangxi. He was investigated by China's top anti-graft agency in October 2021, the 11th year of his retirement. Previously he served as director of Jiangxi Provincial Land and Resources Department, and before that, as party secretary, the top political position in three cities, Jiujiang, Ji'an, and Jiujiang. He was a delegate to the 11th National People's Congress. Biography. Liu was born in Ji'an County, Jiangxi, in July 1949. In February 1968, he enlisted in the People's Liberation Army, serving until September 1978. He joined the Communist Party of China in December 1969. Beginning in September 1978, he served in several posts in Ji'an Intermediate People's Court, including deputy director of office and deputy president. He served as deputy party secretary and mayor of Jinggangshan, a county-level city under the jurisdiction of Ji'an, in September 1987, and two years later promoted to the party secretary position. It would be his first job as "first-in-charge" of a city. He was promoted to party secretary of Ji'an in August 1991 and was admitted to member of the standing committee of the CPC Ji'an Municipal Committee, the city's top authority. In May 1995, he was transferred to the neighboring Yichun city and appointed deputy secretary. In February 1998, he became deputy party secretary and mayor of Jiujiang, rising to party secretary in December 2001, and concurrently serving as chairman of Jiujiang People's Congress. In June 2005, he was appointed party branch secretary of Jiangxi Provincial Land and Resources Department, concurrently holding the director position since March 2006. He retired in January 2010. Downfall. On 13 October 2021, he was put under investigation for alleged "serious violations of discipline and laws" by the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI), the party's internal disciplinary body, and the National Supervisory Commission, the highest anti-corruption agency of China. His successor Zhao Zhiyong was dismissed in June 2014 and demoted seven administrative levels from sub-provincial level down to "Keyuan" (section member). Chen Anzhong, a following party secretary of Jiujiang, was dismissed, arrested and investigated in December 2008 and sentenced 12 years in prison in June 20115. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019830 Highlow Highlow is a civil parish within the Derbyshire Dales district, in the county of Derbyshire, England. Largely rural, Highlow's population is reported with the population of neighbouring parishes for a total of 585 residents in 2011. It is north-west of London, north-west of the county city of Derby, and north of the nearest market town of Bakewell. Highlow is wholly within the Peak District national park, and shares a border with the parishes of Abney and Abney Grange, Eyam, Foolow, Grindleford, Hathersage as well as Offerton. There are nine listed buildings in Highlow. Geography. Location. Highlow is surrounded by the following local areas: The parish is roughly bounded by land features such as Bretton Clough to the west, the Derwent and Dunge Brook to the north, Highlow Brook to the east, and Bole Hill to the south. This area lies in the far north of the Derbyshire Dales district and north region of Derbyshire county. Highlow is completely within the Peak District National Park. Settlements and routes. There are two hamlets within the parish: Outside of these, Highlow is predominantly an agricultural and rural area, with very few scattered farms and occasional residential dwellings. There are three roads throughout the parish: Environment. Landscape and geology. Primarily farming and pasture land throughout the parish outside the sparsely populated areas, there are some small forestry plots throughout, mainly around the Highlow Brook valley. Abney and Bretton Clough is an SSSI which also covers this area. Limestone, gritstone and lead feature in the geology of the wider area, which lies on millstone grit from the carboniferous era, rising through mudstones, shales, sandstones and grits which have formed soils that are mainly coarse loams with peaty gleysols near springs on the sandstone/shale layers. Water features. The parish is roughly bounded by the Bretton Brook to the west, the Derwent and Dunge Brook to the north, and Highlow Brook to the east and centre. Stoke Ford is where several paths meet by the convergence of the Bretton and Highlow streams. There are a number of springs found throughout the parish. Land elevation. The parish can be hilly and undulating in places, the land generally rising from east to the west. The lowest point is in the north east area by Leadmill and the Derwent at ~, while the central High Low hill near Highlow Hall is , The western area rises to , with the parish peak along the south west boundary by Bretton Clough at . History. Toponomy. Highlow was not recorded in the Domesday survey as a standalone settlement. It was first reported in public records from the 12th century as Heihlau, meaning high hill, presumably named after the notable land feature High Low hill in the centre of the parish. Local area. There are tumuli and cairns in the north western area of the parish, which are ancient burial tombsites dating to the Bronze Age. Although not recorded during the time of the Domesday records in 1066, Highlow as a notable settlement was established enough to be on Christopher Saxton's 1579 Derbyshire map, approximately where Highlow Hall was located, although it appears to have become depopulated over time. An ancient route ran from Highlow known as the 'corpse path', possibly because of its use to transport coffins to the churchyard at Hathersage church. Halifax Gate was another old route which went over the Derwent, and southbound went onto the West Riding of Yorkshire. Lead was mined in times past at locations throughout the parish and beyond. There is evidence that a lead mill by the locality of Leadmill at the start of the 17th century was earlier the site of a corn mill. The lead mill was subsequently in use up to the 18th century as a stone mason's mill before being converted to a private residence. A millpond located there has been latterly used as a fish farm. The only public house, The Plough Inn in Leadmill, was built in the 16th century. Leadmill Bridge over the River Derwent dates from the late 18th century where it replaced a ford, and was widened in 1928. Highlow Hall. Highlow Hall comprised a small manor house and various auxiliary agricultural buildings dating to the late 16th century with middle 17th century alterations. By the time of Edward II the Highlow manor belonged to the Archer family, which later became extinct. Robert le Eyre was hereditary warden of the Royal Forest of the Peak administered from Peveril Castle in Castleton, during Edward III's reign, Robert's grandson, William le Eyre de Hope was forest warden. By the beginning of the 15th century Highlow Hall became the seat of a branch of the Eyre family, them having arrived in the country during the Norman Conquest, and by the time of Edward I had settled at the village of Hope. Robert Eyre rebuilt the hall during the 17th century, and later became High Sheriff of Derbyshire. In the early part of the 18th century, John Eyre resurrected the ancient surname of Archer, but following his death in 1842 the hall and adjoining farm were sold to the Duke of Devonshire, owner of Chatsworth House, with tenant farmers taking up residence at the hall. Following the death of the 10th Duke of Devonshire the hall, as well as a number of other farms in the Chatsworth Estate were sold in order to satisfy death duties. The then resident tenants, the Wain family, bought Highlow Hall and remain present owners. The outbuildings and barns have been converted to cottages which are in separate ownership. Governance and demography. Population. There are 585 residents recorded within Highlow (along with Abney and Abney Grange, Offerton and the former Outseats parishes) for the 2011 census. Local bodies. Because of its small population, Highlow is managed at the first level of public administration via combined parish meetings with Abney and Abney Grange alongside Offerton, there is no parish council. At district level, the wider area is overseen by Derbyshire Dales district council, and because of its inclusion within a national park, the Peak District Park Authority. Derbyshire County Council provides the highest level strategic services locally. Community and leisure. There is one public house, The Plough Inn which dates from the 16th century. Tourism. There are sites offering overnight accommodation, catering particularly to Peak District visitors in Leadmill. Several landmarks and locations appealing to tourists are scattered throughout the wider area. The long distance Peak District walking route Derwent Valley Heritage Way follows the north east parish boundary. Landmarks. Listed buildings. There are nine listed structures within the parish, all at Grade II designation and mainly agricultural related, except for Highlow Hall and its archway entrance, both dating from the 16th century and at the higher designation of Grade II*. Local monuments. The wider region is known for a wide range of prehistoric artefacts and Roman locations spread throughout. The only scheduled monument recorded in Highlow is a cairnfield located around west of Highlow Hall. A tumulus is further to the west by the parish boundary. Abney and Bretton Clough SSSI. This extends from Highlow Wood in the south of the parish, encircling north of Bole Hill, before encompassing the south western legs of the parish and the valley of the Bretton Brook, and continuing into the Abney Grange area. Bretton Clough is characterised by deep basin peats occurring within pockets of the landslip formations of its valley slopes. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019836 Let's Go Brandon (song) "Let's Go Brandon" is a protest song released as a single by American rapper Loza Alexander. It criticizes Joe Biden, president of the United States, and the United States media. Its title (which is repeated in the chorus) is based on "Let's Go Brandon", a political slogan and meme that had gained popularity in the preceding weeks as a minced oath for "Fuck Joe Biden". It debuted at number 45 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week ending October 30, 2021. It has since entered the top 40 of the Hot 100 chart, peaking at number 38. In the music video, Alexander is seen wearing a red "Make Music Great Again" hat in reference to the "Make America Great Again" campaign slogan Donald Trump used in his 2016 and 2020 presidential campaigns. The song heavily samples the spoken dialogue "Let's go, Brandon" by reporter Kelli Stavast as well as the "Fuck Joe Biden" chants, taken from a televised interview of driver Brandon Brown at the NASCAR Xfinity Series race Sparks 300 on October 2, 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019838 2021 UCI Mountain Bike Marathon World Championships - Men's race Men's race at the 2021 UCI Mountain Bike Marathon World Championships took place in Elba on 2 October 2021. Course. The 2021 XCM World Championship was held over a 35km course with 3 laps plus an initial 2km lap and a final 8km lap. In total, the men's race was 115 km with a difference in altitude of 4,500 metres. Result. 114 competitors from 26 nations started. 75 competitors reached the finish line. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019841 Sheung-King Sheung-King is the pen name of Aaron Tang, a Canadian writer whose debut novel "You Are Eating an Orange. You Are Naked." was a shortlisted nominee for the 2021 Amazon.ca First Novel Award and the 2021 Governor General's Award for English-language fiction. Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Tang lived in both Canada and Hong Kong before moving to Toronto, Ontario. "You Are Eating an Orange. You Are Naked" was published in 2020 by Book*hug. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019851 2021 UCI Mountain Bike Marathon World Championships - Women's race Women's race at the 2021 UCI Mountain Bike Marathon World Championships took place in Elba on 2 October 2021. Course. The 2021 XCM World Championship was held over a 35km course with 2 laps plus an initial 2km lap and a final 8km lap. In total, the women's race was 80 km with 3,100 metres. Result. 50 competitors from 20 nations started. 40 competitors reached the finish line. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019864 Gaudentius (music theorist) Gaudentius was a Greek music theorist in Classical Antiquity. Nothing is known of his life or background, or when he lived, except what can be inferred from his sole surviving work, (English: "Harmonic Introduction"), a treatise. Leonhard Schmitz and Karl von Jan say that he seems to have known the writings of Aristoxenus (); but Schmitz says, not those of Ptolemy (). Hugo Riemann says he may have been a younger contemporary of Ptolemy. Cassiodorus () praises the treatise, and mentions a contemporary Latin translation for use in schools by one Mutianus, which has not survived. The treatise was first printed in 1652 by Marcus Meibomius, together with a commentary and a Latin translation, in his "Antiquae musicae auctores septem" (English: "Ancient Music by Seven Authors"). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019877 Edip Tepeli Edip Tepeli (born 18 April 1989) is a Turkish actor. Life and career. Tepeli is a graduate of Istanbul University State Conservatory with a degree in theatre studies. After appearing in various plays at different venues, including Istanbul City Theatres, he made his television debut in 2014 with a role in the historical fiction drama series "Kurt Seyit ve Sura". He continued his career on television with roles in "Seni Kimler Aldi", "Yildizlar Sahidim", and "Yasamayanlar". His breakthrough came with his recurring role in "Sefirin Kizi". In 2021, he was cast in a leading role in the historical fiction drama series "Destan", opposite Ebru Sahin. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019904 List of Eswatini Twenty20 International cricketers This is a list of Eswatini Twenty20 International cricketers. In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Eswatini and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be eligible for T20I status. Eswatini played their first T20I against Lesotho on 16 October 2021 during the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup Africa Qualifier. This list comprises all members of the Eswatini cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019914 2021 John Deere strike The 2021 John Deere strike was a labor strike in the United States that began on October 14 and ended on November 17, and involved about 10,000 employees for John Deere, a manufacturer of agricultural and heavy machinery. These employees are members of the United Auto Workers (UAW) labor union, which had been negotiating a new contract with John Deere for several months. On November 17th the workers approved a new 6-year contract officially putting an end to the strike. The strike was John Deere's first in over three decades. Background. John Deere is a United States-based agricultural and heavy machinery manufacturer. The company is the world's largest manufacturer of farm equipment and employs about 27,500 people in the United States and Canada. 10,000 of its employees at 14 different facilities in the United States (including 7,200 at seven factories in Iowa, three in Illinois, one in Kansas, and one distribution center in Colorado, Georgia, and Illinois.) are represented by the labor union United Auto Workers (UAW). Going into October 2021, the UAW had been negotiating a new labor contract with John Deere for several weeks, and the previous month, they submitted a proposal that union and company negotiators had agreed upon to the union members for a vote. However, after receiving the proposal, the UAW members voted by about 99 percent to authorize strike action against the company. Additionally, on September 14, some John Deere workers picketed the John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois in response to some of the issues they had with the company. On October 1, the existing contract between the union and company expired, but the two sides agreed to a temporary extension while negotiations continued. Despite UAW negotiators stating that the deal would result in "the highest quality health care benefits in the industry" and "significant economic gains" for the workers, on October 10, union members voted by over 90 percent to reject the contract proposal. The proposed contract would have enacted immediate wage increases of 5 to 6 percent for all workers and subsequent 3 percent raises in both 2023 and 2025. This would have meant an hourly pay of $30 for the top-tier workers at the plants, which would rise to $31.84 after five years. Additionally, the contract maintained the workers' premium-free health care plan, included a cost of living adjustment, and guaranteed a retirement bonus of up to $50,000. However, union members stated that the proposal did not include large enough wage increases and did not meet their goals with regards to retirement benefits. Specifically, the contract would result in new hires receiving lower retirement benefits than existing employees. Instead of a pension, employees hired after November 1 would instead receive matching contributions to a 401(k) account. This two-tier system stems from a previous agreement that the union had made with the company in 1997 that saw new hires receive lower pay and benefits, and while many union members were hoping to get rid of this tier system, the new contract would have expanded it. As a result of the proposal's rejection, the workers set a deadline of 11:59 p.m. on October 13, after which they would go on strike. Speaking about the proposal's rejection, several union members criticized the concessions that the union had made in previous contract renewals, such as in 1997 and 2015. In 2015, the contract proposal barely passed by about 200 votes following several rounds of layoffs. However, while these contracts had been negotiated during difficult times for the company, 2021 was a profitable year for John Deere, with revenue up 11 percent and net income up 84 percent compared to the previous year. For 2021, John Deere was expecting to make a record $6 billion in profit. In addition, workers expressed dissatisfaction with their work schedules during the COVID-19 pandemic, with many working 10 to 12 hours per day and on weekends. One worker, speaking to "The Guardian", stated, "It goes way deeper than just not liking a contract. It's the summation of years of negative wage movement and probably would've happened last contract had the layoff situation not happened." On October 13, the day before the strike was set to commence, multiple John Deere facilities told some workers not to come to work for their shifts in preparation for the strike action. The strike was the first at John Deere since a 163-day one in 1986 and was the largest private-sector strike in the United States since a UAW-led strike at General Motors in 2019. Course of the strike. As the deadline passed with no new contract proposal, the workers went on strike on October 14, 2021. At the plant in Milan, Illinois, strikers almost immediately began picketing, and UAW President Ray Curry voiced his support for the strike, saying, "The almost one million UAW retirees and active members stand in solidarity with the striking UAW members at John Deere." For the duration of the strike, the union members will receive a weekly strike pay of $275 from the UAW. At the Ottumwa, Iowa plant, picketers convinced a semi-trailer truck delivery driver to turn around, with reports of similar events at the Davenport and Dubuque, Iowa plants. A company spokesperson said that they were looking to resolve the strike and stated, "Our immediate concern is meeting the needs of our customers, who work in time-sensitive and critical industries such as agriculture and construction". The company also stated that they would continue operations for the duration of the strike. Speaking about the strike, economist Dave Swenson of Iowa State University stated that John Deere's increased sales in 2021 could allow them to meet some of the union members' demands, saying, "They can afford to settle this thing on much more agreeable terms to the union and still maintain really strong profitability." Other economists predicted that the strike may not last long, given the high demand for agricultural equipment and a well-performing agricultural sector. Shortly after the strike began, many elected officials and candidates in the Iowa Democratic Party voiced their support for the strikers. Additionally, Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds stated that she hoped that John Deere and the UAW could come to an agreement soon. On October 16, KWQC-TV reported that many small businesses in the Quad Cities area (where several of the John Deere plants are located) were offering discounts and in some cases free food for strikers. On October 17, the Associated Press reported that some agricultural groups and businesses associated with John Deere were concerned about the effects of a lengthy strike, with the president of the Iowa Corn Growers Association stating that a shortage of John Deere parts could significantly impact the farmers' harvests. Several days later, on October 22, ABC News reported that a GoFundMe campaign organized to help the strikers had accumulated more than $80,000 in donations from over 2,000 donors over a four day period. On the morning of October 27, a striking worker who was reporting to the picket line outside the Milan plant was killed in a traffic accident outside the facility. Following the incident, Curry stated that the striker had "made the ultimate sacrifice in reporting to picket for a better life for his family and coworkers" and ordered the UAW flag to fly at half-staff for the day. On November 2, strikers rejected a new contract. The vote was split with 45% in favor of the contract and 55% against. Outcomes and impacts. Strikers accepted a third proposed contract from Deere, voting 61% for to 39% against, ending the strike on November 17th. The accepted deal will boost worker pay over a period of six years, with a 10% increase in the first year, followed by a 5% increase in the contract's third and fifth years. Additionally, workers will receive an $8500 signing bonus. Investment bank William Blair #amp; Company estimated that the strike likely reduced Deere's output by between 10 and 15% for the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. The strike led to an increase in the already-inflated auction prices of used Deere equipment such as tractors and other used agricultural machines. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019981 Birk Centerpark station Birk Centerpark station is a railway station serving the district of Birk in the eastern part of the city of Herning in Jutland, Denmark. The station serves several businesses, educational institutions and a residential area for students in the eastern part of Herning. Birk Centerpark station is located on the Skanderborg-Skjern line. The station opened in 1997. It offers direct regional train services to Aarhus, Skjern and Struer operated by Arriva. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69019994 Revista Contemporanea Revista Contemporanea was a Spanish language literary and cultural magazine which was published in the period 1875-1907 in Madrid, Spain. The magazine was the first publication in Spain which introduced German and French thought. History and profile. The first issue of "Revista Contemporanea" appeared on 15 December 1875 in Madrid. The founder was Jose del Perojo who also edited the magazine in the early period. He was a political thinker. "Revista Contemporanea" featured literary articles in addition to those about humanistic and scientific fields. In 1879 Perojo sold the publication to Jose de Cardenas, and Francisco de Asis Pacheco replaced him as the editor of the magazine. The ideological orientation was liberal until that event, and the magazine became a conservative publication. When it held a liberal view, the magazine frequently featured articles concerning the emancipation of women. From 1901 Juan Ortega y Rubio edited the magazine. The last issue of "Revista Contemporanea" was published in June 1907 when the owner of the magazine, Jose de Cardenas, died. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020004 Ancoratus The Ancoratus is a catechetical work by Epiphanius of Salamis that examines some dogmatic themes in light of the heresies of the fourth century. He does not devote much space to developing heretical doctrines or their confutation as in the "Panarion", but he explains the Christian dogma from Bible and tradition. This work also includes two professions of faith. One of them composed by Epiphanius himself and the other is the one normally used at that time during the rite of baptism by the church of Salamis. It was later adopted by the Council of Constantinople in 381. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020018 Bolshaya Orlovka, Kursk Oblast Bolshaya Orlovka () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Byk River (a left tributary of the Seym), 40 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 65 km south-west of Kursk, 9 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 1.5 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Bolshaya Orlovka has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Bolshaya Orlovka is located 5 km from the road of regional importance (Kursk - Lgov - Rylsk - border with Ukraine), 1 km from the road (Lgov - Sudzha), on the roads of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik) and (38K-024 - Bolshaya Orlovka), 2 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "11 km" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 72 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 136 km from Belgorod International Airport and 273 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020036 List of Chopped Canada episodes This is the list of episodes for the Food Network Canada competition reality series Chopped Canada. Series overview. #lt;onlyinclude#gt;#lt;/onlyinclude#gt; 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020040 Aylesbury bus station Aylesbury bus station is a bus station in Aylesbury. It is situated across the road from Aylesbury railway station, and was built in the 1960s. The bus station has been noted for its unwelcoming environment, being situated at the bottom of a multi-storey car park. The local council have stated it is looking at a long term solution for the bus station. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020065 Blair Bunting Blair Bunting is an American commercial photographer who specialises in celebrities, athletes and automobiles. Bunting's father introduced him to photography and gifted him his first camera, which he claims was a 1972 Nikon F. Bunting claims his clients include the Discovery Channel, Department of Health Services, Chrysler and Disney, AT#amp;T, Pepsi, P#amp;G, TIME, ESPN, Sports Illustrated and Billboard (magazine). Bunting says that his preferred photography equipment is Canon's EOS 1D and EOS R5 and associated lenses RF 28-70mm f/2, RF 85mm f/1.2 and RF 50mm f/1.2. In June 2021, Bunting was added to Canon's Explorers of Light (EOL) program. The program began in 1995 to highlight the work of exceptional professional photographers. Bunting was an ambassador for Nikon, Hasselblad, and Canon. He has also won the Communication Arts Photo Annual, Leurzer's Archive Top 200 Photographers in the World competition. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020071 Arthur White (baseball) Arthur White is an American former Negro league pitcher who played in the 1930s. White made his Negro leagues debut in 1934 with the Newark Dodgers. He went on to play for the Bacharach Giants in 1936. External links. and Seamheads 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020074 Clarence Walters Clarence Walters (1896 - death date unknown) was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1920s. A native of Illinois, Walters played for the Milwaukee Bears in 1923. In four recorded appearances on the mound, he posted a 6.11 ERA over 17.2 innings. External links. and Seamheads 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020075 Gloria Purvis Gloria Purvis is an African-American Catholic speaker, podcaster, and Whole Life activist in Washington, D.C. She is best known for her time co-hosting the "Morning Glory" show on EWTN Radio, which ended abruptly in December 2020 when the show was canceled due to Purvis' anti-racist advocacy. As of late 2021, she hosts the "Gloria Purvis Show" for America Media. She is also the inaugural Pastoral Fellow for the University of Notre Dame's Office of Life and Human Dignity (NDOLHD) at the McGrath Institute for Church Life. Media appearances. Purvis has been featured in The New York Times, the National Catholic Reporter, and the Catholic News Service. She has also been a featured guest on Fox News. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020079 2021 Genesys 300 The 2021 Genesys 300 was an IndyCar motor race held on May 1, 2021 at the Texas Motor Speedway. It was the third round of the 2021 IndyCar Series. Scott Dixon of Chip Gannasi Racing led a dominating 206 laps on route to his first victory of the season. Practice. Practice 1. Tony Kanaan topped the first practice charts with a time of 00:23:55, besting Pato O'Ward in second and Takuma Sato in third. Qualifying. Qualifying was canceled due to rain. Consequently, qualifying results and the starting grid were set based on the entrant point standings after the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg. Championship leader Alex Palou was awarded pole. References. Notes Citations 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020107 Maati Monjib Maati Monjib (, born on 6 March 1962 in Benslimane, Morocco) is a Moroccan university professor, journalist, historian, writer and political activist. Monjib holds two PhDs, one from France in North African politics and another from Senegal on African political history. Monjib is known in Morocco for supporting Moroccan investigative journalism. He has criticized the monarchy in columns in the foreign press in the past and once ran a center that held meetings that included opposition groups. In 2015, Monjib was brought into justice along with six other journalists and activists in Morocco, and charged with "threatening national security", before being banned from traveling outside the country, in a case that was widely criticised by human rights groups and was considered as politically motivated. Since then, the trial has been postponed 15 times. On December 29, 2020, Monjib was arrested in Rabat for "Money laundering and fraud". The accusations from the Moroccan authorities claimed misuse of funds he received from international NGOs, even if the latter never expressed any doubt as to how the funds were used. After a hunger strike, he was granted conditional release on March 23, 2021. Several international groups and organizations wrote posts and launched campaigns to contest the "harassment" Monjib is facing, including the Committee to Protect Journalists, Amnesty International, and the European Parliament. Books. Among the books written by Maati Monjib are the following: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020110 Benu Mabhena Benu Mabhena (born 17 October 1989), is a Zimbabwean actress. She is best known for the roles in the films "Blood Diamond". Personal life. A native from Ndebele Tribe, she was born in the London but raised in many African countries. Her parents and five brothers were born in Zimbabwe and younger sister was born in London. After two years in Zimbabwe, the family went to Botswana for a year. Then moved to South Africa and stayed for several years. They moved back to Botswana and back again to South Africa, and finally moved to Lesotho. She later moved to California, USA with her family when the US government granted the family asylum. She studied in Diablo Valley College and started performed community theater, and in school films and play. In the meantime, she wrote and recorded songs in the studio as well. She also has an Associate Degree in Education. Career. In 2006 she acted in the Hollywood blockbuster "Blood Diamond" directed by Edward Zwick. In the film, she played the role "Jassie", Hounsou's wife. The film received critics acclaim and world-wide awards. During this period, she along with Jennifer Connelly visited and contributed in volunteer services at an orphanage in Mozambique. After that, she made a guest role in the web series "Night Walkers" telecast in KoldCast TV. In the same year, she acted in the film "Princess" produced by American Film Institute. In 2008, she acted in the television special "Life on the Edge: A Global Crisis". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020131 Mikiko Futagami better known by her ring name (often stylized in capital letters as GAMI) is a Japanese retired professional wrestler best known for her tenure with the Japanese promotions Pro Wrestling Wave, Arsion and JWP Joshi Puroresu. Professional wrestling career. Independent circuit (1991-2013). Futagami made her professional wrestling debut at "Seishin Kaikan The Premium", an event promoted by the Japanese independent scene on July 13, 1991 where she fell short to Hikari Fukuoka as a result of a singles match. As a freelancer, she is known for competing in various promotions. On the fifteenth night of All Japan Women's Pro Wrestling's 2002 Japan Grand Prix from July 6, Futagami teamed up with Mika Akino in a losing effort against Kayo Noumi and Yumiko Hotta. At "Battle Zone 6-7", an event promoted by New Japan Pro Wrestling on June 7, 2002, she teamed up with Bionic J, Faby Apache, Lioness Asuka and Mika Akino in a losing effort against Ai Fujita, baby A, Mariko Yoshida, Michiko Omukai and Rie Tamada. At "Jaguar Yokota 30th Anniversary Convention", an event promoted by the Japanese independent scene on March 11, 2007, Futagami competed in a 32-woman battle royal won by Devil Masami and also involving Mariko Yoshida, Yuki Miyazaki, Sachie Abe and many others. At "Sendai Girls Dantai Taikou Flash Tournament", an event promoted by Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling on November 15, 2011, she teamed up with Toshie Uematsu, Yumi Ohka, Shuu Shibutani, and Moeka Haruhi as "Team Wave" in a losing effort against Team JWP (Command Bolshoi, Kayoko Haruyama, Kaori Yoneyama, Leon, and Hanako Nakamori) in a first-round match. At a house show promoted by Pro Wrestling Freedoms on April 25, 2012, Futagami teamed up with The Winger and Toshie Uematsu in a losing effort against Great Kojika, Antonio Honda and Ken Ohka. At "New Ice Ribbon #518" on December 11, 2013, she teamed up with Hamuko Hoshi to defeat Risa Sera and Rutsuko Yamaguchi. At "BJW Osaka Surprise 12 ~ Thanksgiving Day", an event promoted by Big Japan Pro Wrestling on November 23, 2013, Futagami teamed up with Team Heavy Metal (Madoka and Shinya Ishikawa) in a losing effort against Strong BJ (Daisuke Sekimoto and Yuji Okabayashi) and Yumi Ohka. At "DDT Never Mind 2013", an event promoted by DDT Pro Wrestling on December 23, Futagami teamed up with Daisuke Sasaki and Antonio Honda in a losing effort against Kudo, Saki Akai and Yasu Urano. Osaka Pro Wrestling (2009-2013). Futagami worked for Osaka Pro Wrestling as joshi talent. At "Osaka Pro Spring Samba Series" on March 21, 2011, she teamed up with Black Buffalo and Tigers Mask to defeat Ebessan, Ultimate Spider Jr. and Yutaka in a six-man tag team match. She made her last appearance in the company on December 27, 2013 at "Osaka Pro 4th Kanjyouro Matsuyama Produce Day" where she defeated Matsuyama in a singles match. Oz Academy (2005-2013). Futagami is also known for competing in Oz Academy. At "OZ Academy Rule Of Rose" on November 4, 2011, she teamed up with Carlos Amano and Manami Toyota to defeat Ozaki-gun (Chikayo Nagashima, Hiren and Mayumi Ozaki). She made her last appearance for the company on December 8, 2013 where she wrestled Tomoka Nakagawa and Yuu Yamagata in a three-way match. Pro Wrestling Wave (2007-2017). Futagami is one of the founders of Pro Wrestling Wave alongside Tatsuya Takeshi and Yumi Ohka, and has competed in the promotion for a long period of time. She is known for competing in the promotion's signature events such as the Catch the Wave tournament in which she made her first appearance on the inaugural edition of 2009 where she placed herself in the "Comical" Block, scoring a total of tying-three points alongside Bullfight Sora, Ran Yu-Yu and Cherry before wrestling them again in a four-way match to determine the advancing wrestler won by Sora. She scored her best result at the 2010 edition of the event, winning after competing in the "Visual Technical" Block where she scored a total of four points after fighting Yumi Ohka, Kana, Toshie Uematsu and Mio Shirai. She re-entered the tournament after winning a loser revival battle royal by toppling Asami Kawasaki, Cherry, Io Shirai, Kana and Misaki Ohata, and then by defeating Yumi Ohka in the semi-finals and capitalizing by picking a win over Ayumi Kurihara in the finals. Another branch of events in which she worked is the Dual Shock Wave, making her first appearance in the 2011 edition where she teamed up with Tomoka Nakagawa, defeating Mio Shirai and Misaki Ohata in the first round, Ayako Hamada and Yumi Ohka in the quarter-finals, but falling short to Ayumi Kurihara and Kana in the semi-finals. At "Wave's 5th Anniversary" on August 26, 2012, Futagami competed in a 28-person battle royal also involving Hikaru Shida, Sakura Hirota, Syuri, Aja Kong, Kyusei Ninja Ranmaru and others. At "WAVE The Virgin Mary Reina De Reinas 2012", a cross-over event produced by Wave in partnership with Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide on November 27, 2012, she and her "Yoko Hatanaka" tag partner Tomoka Nakagawa failed to defend the Wave Tag Team Championship against Makkurokorosuke (Misaki Ohata and Tsukasa Fujimoto). Futagami retired from professional wrestling on December 30, 2013 after winning a 77-person battle royal at "WAVE GAMI Libre - Lucky 7" which involved lots of notable opponents such as Jun Akiyama, Danshoku Dino, Hibiscus Mii, Yapper Man #1, Yapper Man #2, Taka Michinoku, Meiko Satomura, Ray, Kintaro Kanemura and many others. Short-lived return to professional wrestling (2015-2017). Futagami came out of retirement to compete in several more matches. The first of them took place at "WAVE Summer Fiesta 2015 ~ Ultra Show" on August 28 where she competed in a 11-person battle royal also involving Fairy Nihonbashi, Hiroe Nagahama, Mika Iida and others. She competed in her last known match at "Manami Toyota's Retirement Show" from November 3, 2017 promoted by Oz Academy where she tagged with Sakura Hirota in a 2-on-1 handicap match against Toyota herself which ended in a time-limit draw. Futagami has been inactive as a wrestler ever since. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020133 William H. Forster William Hull "Bud" Forster Sr. (born 24 June 1939) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army who served as military deputy to the U.S. Assistant Secretary of the Army for Research, Development and Acquisition from 1992 until his retirement from active duty in 1995. He previously served as commanding general of the Army Operational Test and Evaluation Command from August 1991 to August 1992. Early life and education. Born in Shelby, Mississippi, Forster graduated from University of Alabama in 1960 with a B.S. degree in chemistry. He was commissioned through the Army ROTC program and assigned to the 91st Division while attending graduate school. Forster earned an Ph.D. degree in nuclear chemistry from the University of California, Davis in 1965. His doctoral thesis was entitled "Cross section ratios of isobars from spallation reactions under varying conditions". He is also a graduate of the Armed Forces Staff College, the U.S. Naval Test Pilot School and the Air War College. Military career. Forster served two combat tours in Vietnam, where he commanded the 173rd Assault Helicopter Company and an air defense artillery unit. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross, two Bronze Star Medals and sixteen Air Medals. After graduating from the Naval Test Pilot School, Forster became the first Army officer selected as an astronaut candidate. Robert L. Stewart eventually became the first Army astronaut, but Forster received the NASA Award for Outstanding Service after his time at the Johnson Space Center. After commanding the 10th Combat Aviation Battalion, Forster took on a series of aviation administration assignments. He served as program manager for both the Kiowa and Apache helicopters. Forster was designated the first Program Executive Officer Aviation from 1987 to 1988. He later served as Director of Army Aviation at the Pentagon from 1989 to 1990. Additional awards. Forster received the Secretary of Defense Superior Management Award for his work in support of the Army helicopter improvement program. He was elected to the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences in 1992 while still serving as an American Army officer. Forster was designated a Technical Fellow of the American Helicopter Society in 1997. He was elected to the Army Aviation Association of America Hall of Fame in 2010. Personal. Forster is the son of William O. H. "Bill" Forster (11 October 1904 - 23 January 1994) and Amy Hull Forster (2 June 1910 - 30 December 1983). He has a brother and a sister. Forster was married to Belle Fair (Brown) Forster (4 February 1940 - 25 January 2021). They had two sons and two grandsons. After his first marriage ended in divorce on 31 January 1995, Forster married Francine M. Forster. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020147 Honorific titles of Indian figures Popular figures of India have often been conferred with an honorific title by fans and followers. These generally include those that are not formally recognised. List. Key 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020149 Cloud Cuckoo Land (novel) Cloud Cuckoo Land is a 2021 historical and speculative fiction novel by Pulitzer-prize winning author Anthony Doerr. It was first published on September 28, 2021 in the United States by Charles Scribner's Sons and the United Kingdom by Fourth Estate. Summary. Doerr's third novel, "Cloud Cuckoo Land" follows three story lines, scattered throughout time: Thirteen-year-old Anna and Omeir, an orphaned seamstress and a cursed boy, on opposite sides of formidable city walls during the 1453 siege of Constantinople; teenage idealist Seymour and octogenarian Zeno in an attack on a public library in present-day Idaho; and Konstance, decades from now, who turns to the oldest stories to guide her community in peril. Reception. "Publishers Weekly", in its starred review, wrote, "Doerr seamlessly shuffles each of these narratives in vignettes that keep the action in full flow and the reader turning the pages. The descriptions of Constantinople, Idaho, and the "Argos" are each distinct and fully realized, and the protagonists of each are united by a determination to survive and a hunger for stories." "Kirkus Reviews" agreed, also in a starred review, praising Doerr's many "narrative miracles" for uniting the novel's storylines. In a review in "The Guardian", Elizabeth Knox called "Cloud Cuckoo Land" "a gift of a novel", that is "large-hearted . joyous [and] a deep lungful of fresh air". She complimented the skill with which Doerr weaves each of his character's narratives into Diogenes' fable. Knox stated that Doerr's novel shows "how things survive by chance, and through love" and that love is needed "to save what we still have on Earth". In another review in "The Guardian", Hephzibah Anderson wrote that "Cloud Cuckoo Land" is full of "[w]onderment and despair, love and destruction and hope". With its "lyrical" text and classical philosophy intermingling with the climate crisis, Anderson described the book as "a tribute to the magic of reading". Marcel Theroux wrote in a review in "The New York Times" that "Cloud Cuckoo Land" is "a wildly inventive novel that teems with life, straddles an enormous range of experience and learning, and embodies the storytelling gifts that it celebrates." He said that its characters are "engaging" and the storytelling is "bracing and energetic". He found it "an amazing feat" that Doerr is able to hold together the different narratives, spanning eight centuries, and still produce a "compelling, coherent and moving" book. Theroux concluded that it is "a humane and uplifting book for adults that's infused with the magic of childhood reading experiences." It was shortlisted for the 2021 National Book Award for Fiction. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020165 Larry Audlaluk Larry Audlaluk (born 1953) is an Inuk activist and writer from Canada, whose memoir "What I Remember, What I Know: The Life of a High Arctic Exile" was a shortlisted finalist for the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction at the 2021 Governor General's Awards. Born in Inukjuak, Quebec, Audlaluk's family was one of several who were forcibly relocated by the Canadian government to Grise Fiord, Nunavut in the High Arctic relocation incident of the 1950s. His family struggled through poverty; Audlaluk sustained an eye injury in childhood and suffered pain for nearly four years before the federal government finally flew him to Montreal for medical treatment. Audlaluk emerged as a community leader in adulthood, and testified about his experiences to the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples in 1993. In 2007 he was inducted as a Member of the Order of Canada to honor his record of community service in Grise Fiord. "What I Remember, What I Know" was published in 2020. In addition to the Governor General's Awards, the book was also shortlisted for the 2021 J. W. Dafoe Book Prize. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020166 William Williams (footballer, born 1892) William David Williams (16 November 1892 - 1926) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Blackpool and Everton. Williams died in 1926 with meningitis. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020186 Oliver Marks Oliver Marks (10 September 1866 -- 24 May 1940) was an English first-class cricketer and colonial administrator. Life. The son of John George Marks, and nephew of Henry Stacy Marks and Frederick Walker, he was born in September 1866 in Surrey, in Thornton Heath or Beddington. He was educated at Whitgift School. After leaving Whitgift School, Marks went to British Ceylon, where he was a tea planter from 1887 to 1891. From there he went to British Malaya, where he was the superintendent of a Malayan government plantation in Perak. He joined the administrative service in 1894, holding several posts before briefly being appointed British Resident at Negeri Sembilan. He was an assistant magistrate until 1896, after which he was an Assistant Secretary to the government in Perak, a post he held until 1898. From 1898 to 1903, he was Assistant Secretary to the Resident General in the Federated Malay States, after which he served as both the Secretary to High Commissioners for Malaya and Private Secretary to the governor of the Straits Settlements. By 1914, he was Acting Resident of Perak, with his duties including laying the foundation stone of St. George's Institution, Taiping. By the 1920s, Marks was the British Resident in Selangor. He was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George for his colonial service in the 1922 New Year Honours. In later life Marks was secretary of the British Malaya Association, He died in England, at Brompton in May 1940. His brother, Geoffrey, was also a first-class cricketer. Cricketer. A keen cricketer, Marks played minor matches for Ceylon in 1890 and 1891. On a visit to England in 1901, Marks made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) against London County at Crystal Palace. Batting once in the MCC's only innings, he was dismissed for a single run by W. G. Grace. In London County's only innings, he bowled nine wicketless overs. Family. Marks married in 1905 Violet Catherine Murray, daughter of Colonel Alexander Murray (1850-1910), the Colonial Engineer and Surveyor of Malaya. They had a son, Geoffrey Noel Marks. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020210 Mario Veitia Mario Veitia (1910 - death date unknown) was a Cuban third baseman in the Negro leagues in the 1930s. A native of Remedios, Cuba, Veitia played for the Cuban Stars (East) in 1936. In three recorded games, he posted seven hits in 15 plate appearances. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020213 2021-22 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team The 2021-22 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team represents Marquette University during the 2021-22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team is led by first-year head coach Shaka Smart and play their home games at Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin as a member of the Big East Conference. Previous season. The Golden Eagles finished the 2019-20 season 13-14, 8-11 in Big East play to finish in ninth place. They lost in the first round of the Big East Tournament to Georgetown. On March 19, 2021, the school fired head coach Steve Wojciechowski. A week later, the school named Texas head coach Shaka Smart the team's new head coach. Schedule and results. !colspan=12 style=| Exhibition !colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season !colspan=12 style=| Big East regular season !colspan=12 style=| Big East Tournament Source 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020265 Marcel Emmerich Marcel Emmerich (born 12 May 1991) is a German politician of Alliance 90/The Greens who has served as a member of the Bundestag since 2021. Early life and education. Emmerich was born in Reutlingen. Emmerich completed his bachelor's degree in Political and Social studies at the University of Wurzburg in 2016. He has been studying Political and Administrative sciences at the University of Hagen since 2017. Political career. With Alliance 90/The Greens. From 2011 to 2015, Emmerich was the state spokesperson for the Green Youth in Baden-Wurttemberg. In October 2015 he was elected to the state board of Alliance 90/The Greens in Baden-Wurttemberg. Since October 2017 he has also been the district chairman of the Ulm Greens. Member of the German Parliament, 2021-present. Emmerich moved up on June 1, 2021 as a member of the 19th Bundestag via the state list when Danyal Bayaz resigned. He has since been serving on the Committee on Internal Affairs. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020311 La Lectura La Lectura was a Spanish language monthly science, literary and arts magazine which was published in Madrid, Spain, between 1901 and 1920. Its subtitle was "Revista de ciencias y artes". History and profile. "La Lectura" was founded by the writer and journalist Francisco Acebal and academic Felipe Clemente de Velasco, and the first issue appeared in January 1901. The magazine was published in Madrid on a monthly basis. It enjoyed international readership, and covered significant articles on modern literature and art. Julian Juderias was among the regular contributors. "La Lectura" folded in December 1920. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020316 Mawat land doctrine The mawat land doctrine (dead land doctrine) is a doctrine in Ottoman law similar to the "terra nullius" concept in the law of occupation of a land without a sovereign. History. Ottoman Empire. The Ottoman Land Code of 1858 reformed the system of land ownership registering the steppe-type lands as "mawat" (dead lands) belonging to the state and requiring state permission for cultivation and grazing rights. The Ottoman Land Code allowed "mawat" lands to be "revived" by cultivation. Payment was required before title passed to the applicant only in cases where the land improvements were made without permission. Mandatory Palestine. After the Mandate for Palestine came into effect in 1920 the territory came under the administration of the colonial British regime, the British set about the task of re-organizing land ownership in Palestine. Before 1921 applicants could gain title of cultivated "mawat" lands by paying the value of the unimproved land. This ended with the 1921 Mawat Land Ordinance which did not allow ownership rights to be claimed by cultivating the land. The 1921 law was an important turning point in defining the legal concept of "mawat" lands. Until then the "mawat" classification was for lands of marginal agricultural importance located outside the main areas of settlement. The possibility to gain title by cultivation that existed under the Ottoman Land Code had encouraged improvement and the enlargement of settlements in sparsely populated areas. The 1946 "Survey of Palestine" by John Valentine Wistar Shaw described the change from Ottoman "mawat" lands: "Nowadays, the development of 'waste' land without prior leave from the State is legally a trespass." The only way to gain title to the "mawat" lands after 1921 was "allocation from the State." The Bedouin-held lands in the Negev were still entirely unregistered when the partition of Palestine created a Jewish state in Israel. The only lands registered in the Negev during the British Mandate were some 100,000 "dunams" purchased by Jewish settlers from the Bedouins. Critics of the application of "mawat" land doctrine by the State of Israel to resolve modern land disputes in the Negev point to this inherent contradiction when assessing the credibility of the State's claims. Israel. The British never completed their surveys of the Negev and for various reasons most of the "mawat" lands were still unregistered when the State of Israel was established. The "mawat" lands became property of the state under Israeli law which continued to administer the land under the pre-existing laws. The Israeli state considers all the lands of the Negev Bedouins "mawat" (dead lands) belonging to the Jewish state. After the 1947-1949 Palestine war, the administration of the "mawat" lands passed to the Israel Land Administration. The few Bedouin remaining in the Negev after the 1947-1949 Palestine war were transferred to a small region of the Negev under military rule known as the Siyag. When land registrations continued in the Negev in the 1970s it was under modified principles of land settlement. The matter dragged on for several decades with compensation offered in lieu of registering the lands of Bedouin claimants. The Israeli state began submitting counterclaims against Bedouin claimants in 2004. The modern State practice of claiming Bedouin lands as "mawat" is sometimes called the "Dead Negev Doctrine". Israeli courts have consistently upheld the applicability of "mawat" land doctrine in these disputes. A 2012 Israeli District Court decision registered the Araqib lands as state property. The Bedouin al-Uqbi tribe appealed the decision but the Beersheba District Court ruled against them. The court ruled that the disputed Araquib lands were "mawat" (dead lands) and should be registered as state property. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020359 Stremoukhovo-Bobrik Stremoukhovo-Bobrik () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Bobrik River (a left tributary of the Reut River in the Seym basin), 38 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 56 km south-west of Kursk, 22 km south-east of the district center - the town Lgov, 12 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Stremoukhovo-Bobrik has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Stremoukhovo-Bobrik is located 10.5 km from the road of regional importance (Kursk - Lgov - Rylsk - border with Ukraine), 11 km from the road (Lgov - Sudzha), 3 km from the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Vyshniye Derevenki - Durovo-Bobrik), on the road (38N-443 - Stremoukhovo-Bobrik - border with Kurchatovsky District), 7 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "Derevenki" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 64 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 122 km from Belgorod International Airport and 263 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020379 John Rader John Rader (born 11 February 1927) was the first Attorney General of Alaska. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1959 to 1960 and 1963-1966 and the Senate from 1969 to 1979. He was the Senate president from 1977 to 1979. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020393 United We Dream United We Dream is a nonprofit immigrant advocacy organization with chapters operating in 28 U.S. states. The organization is an "immigrant-youth-led network" of 400,000 members in 100 local groups. The group was involved in advocacy surrounding the passing of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) bill. History. In 2008 Cesar Vargas, a Mexican-born undocumented immigrant and law school student began building a loose network of young immigrants. He was concerned that his status would affect his ability to complete law school and sought others in similar situations. In 2010, the network gained visibility with public demonstrations, including a four-month hike to Washington D.C. to lobby for the DREAM Act, and a student sit-in in Arizona in the offices of then Senator John McCain. In late 2010, following the failure of the passing of the DREAM Act bill in the US Congress. the group splintered into three groups, each utilizing different advocacy tactics, but sharing the "dream" branding: United We Dream, DreamActivist, and Dream Action Coalition, with United We Dream becoming the largest. In 2021, Google awarded around to United We Dream $250,000 to help pay DACA application fees. DACA. During Barack Obama's presidency, the organization lobbied to protect immigrant children brought to the U.S. In 2012, the Obama administration created the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) bill. The bill allowed youth immigrants to get driver's licenses, work permits, and attend college. In 2017, Cristina Jimenez Moreta, one of the co-founders of the organization, was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship for her advocacy surrounding the DACA bill. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020396 River Carey The River Carey is a small river in West Devon that is a tributary to the River Tamar. The Carey rises in the Halwill Moor Plantation in Carey Valley, Halwill, flows south-west past Quoditch and Ashwater before flowing a southern course near Virginstow, then finally flowing into the River Tamar near the civil parish of St Stephens by Launceston Rural. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020399 2022 County Championship The 2022 County Championship (referred to as the LV= Insurance County Championship for sponsorship reasons) is scheduled to be the 122nd cricket County Championship season in England and Wales. The season is scheduled to run from 7 April to 29 September 2022. In October 2021, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) announced that the tournament will return to the format of two divisions, with ten teams in Division One, and eight teams in Division Two. The teams were placed into the division they had qualified to following the result of the 2019 County Championship, after the 2020 season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In January 2022, the ECB confirmed all the fixtures for the tournament, with the Bob Willis Trophy being scrapped. Teams. The teams were placed into the following groups: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020401 Malthi Malthi (/'maalthi:/; Ancient Greek: Malthi) was an ancient Greek city of ancient Messenia. Malthi was a farming community, with an active settlement during the Middle-Late Helladic periods, or the Early Mycenaean period. The settlement was located on the top of a ridge on the Northern edge of the Ramovouni mountains, overlooking the Soulima plain in the center of Messenia. It is one of the best preserved fortified settlements of Middle-Late Helladic Greece. Malthi is a possible location of Dorium, a Homeric site mentioned in the Catalogue of Ships of Homer's Iliad, where the bard Thamyris was blinded. In the valley below the ridge are two tholos tombs, excavated by Natan Valmin in the summer of 1927. The settlement on the ridge was first excavated by Natan Valmin between 1926 and 1935, then left untouched until the Malthi Archaeological Project, in collaboration with the Swedish Institute of Athens, cleared natural growth from the site and re-excavated it between 2015 and 2017. This second excavation was conducted by Michael Lindblom and Rebecca Worsham. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020402 John George Heracleus Basilicos John George Heracleus Basilicos ( 1566-1606) was a mercenary and pretender, mainly active in Italy in the late 16th century and early 17th century. Heracleus claimed to be a descendant of the Roman emperor Heraclius (610-641) and through a varying assortment of titles claimed to be the legitimate ruler of the Peloponnese, Macedonia, Moldavia, Wallachia and Albania. Until 1593, he also claimed to be the Grand Master of the Constantinian Order of Saint George, in opposition to the legitimate grand masters Andrea, Pietro and Giovanni Andrea I Angeli. Heracleus' origins are not clear, given that no surviving documents specify his native land. His name evoked intentional similarities to the Moldavian prince Iacob Heraclid, who was born under the name Basilico, originally a Greek adventurer. Depending on the document, Heracleus claimed that Heraclid was either his uncle or his brother. Heracleus may have had some connections to the Peloponnese in Greece, since this region was consistently brought up in his claimed titles. Origins and name. It is impossible to verify the origins and place of birth of John George Heracleus Basilicos; in his surviving documents there are no mentions of his native land. Although he did provide detailed genealogies tracing his descent from earlier Balkan royals, these are considered improbable and are not considered reliable sources of information. Perhaps he had some obscure links to the Peloponnese in Greece, given that he brought up the region relatively consistently in his claimed titles. It is probable that Heracleus' first name, John, was not his genuine name and that he had instead assumed it according to the usual practice of the rulers of the Romanian principalities (Wallachia and Moldavia). The supposed surname "Basilicos" (or "Basilicus") is also of unclear authenticity given that it may actually be an adjective and not a name (given that the related substantive, "Basileus", was used as a title). However, Basilicos was also by no means an uncommon Greek surname at this time. In documents from 1573 onwards, Heracleus is consistently called just "John George Heracleo" or variations thereof, such as the Italian "Joan Georgio Heraclio". Sometimes, "John" was omitted as well. His name evoked clear and intentional similarities to the Moldavian prince Iacob Heraclid, born Basilico. Iacob Heraclid was originally a Greek adventurer, scholar, and soldier and his career, in particular his spectacular rise to the Moldavian throne as "despot" in 1561 and the ease in which garnered the support of both Poland and the Holy Roman Empire to force his predecessor as ruler in Moldavia, the legitimate prince Alexandru Lapusneanu, off the throne. In the immediate aftermath of Heraclid's death in 1563, many pretenders across Europe, impressed by his rise to power, began to falsify connections to him. Generally, such pretenders were in the same line of business as Heraclid had originally been, being mercenaries or adventurers. The contemporary political situation in the Balkans, and Moldavia specifically, with confusion in regards to lines of successions and frequent interference by external powers, such as the Ottoman Empire, the Habsburg Monarchy, Poland or Russia, encouraged the hopes of ambitious adventurers with only questionable connections to actual ruling families. It is unlikely that Heracleus was related to Iacob Heraclid. His self-published genealogies omitted Heraclid, though Heracleus sometimes in private expressed claims of kinships, inconsistently referring to Heraclid as his uncle or brother. Biography. Heracleus first emerged on the historical scene in 1566 as a mercenary in Italy. On 16 December that year, Heracleus went public with his pretensions. On that day, he managed to recruit four Greek witnesses (including an Orthodox priest) to declare before the apostolic notary Reynero Borman that Heracleus had once been Prince of Wallachia and that he was the nephew of Iacob Heraclid. Shortly thereafter, he took up residence in Naples, where he would live for most of the rest of his life. In Latin, Heracleus employed the titles "Ioannes Georgius Heracleus Basilicus, Despotis Peloponnensi, Moldaviae Rex et Vallachiae Princeps". Heracleus was also a pretender to the position of Grand Master of the Constantinian Order of Saint George. In 1567 he wrote a letter to Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor, (1564-1576) where he claimed that the Constantinian Order had been founded by Emperor Heraclius (610-641), from whom Heracleus claimed descent. Heracleus was an acquaintance of the Constantinian Order's actual grand master and founder, Andrea Angeli. Heracleus' story concerning the order, that it had been founded by Heraclius, conflicted with Angeli's version, which claimed the order was founded by Constantine the Great (306-337). In February 1568, Heracleus requested Angeli's assistance in proving that Heracleus was the legitimate son of "John Heracleus Basileus" (or "Juan Heracleo Basileo" in the original Spanish language of the letter), styled "Despot and Prince of the Peloponnese" and "Despina Trajana", daughter of "Balsamonte", Duke of Cephalonia and descendant of the emperors of Constantinople. Angeli aided Heracleus through claiming that Angeli's mother was related to Heracleus' maternal grandfather. This claimed relation was not real, but it served the interest of both men since it increased the believability of both of their claimed lines of descent. In a July 1570 letter, Heracleus instead referred to his father simply as "Jovanni" and titled him "King of Serbia and Prince of the Peloponnese". In 1574, a letter from Heracleus to the Spanish diplomat Diego Guzman de Silva referred to Heracleus' father as "Giovanni Vincenzo, Despot of Serbia". On 28 September 1570, Heracleus, in Genoa at the time, wrote a letter to Alvise I Mocenigo, Doge of Venice, offering assistance in defending Cyprus from the Ottoman Empire as part of the ongoing Fourth Ottoman-Venetian War. His offer of help does not appear to have garnered much attention. In this letter, he styled himself as "ex genere imperatorum Flaviorum Augustorum Romanorum moxque Constantinopolitanorum, Dei gratia restaurator ac magnus Magister equitum Sancti Georgii, totius Graeciae succesor, rex Peloponensis, Moldaviae, Vallachiae, etc.". On 30 November 1573, Heracleus succeeded in garnering a sparse monthly pension from Philip II of Spain. Heracleus' claims were soon discredited. On 21 January 1583, Pope Gregory XIII dismissed him as a false pretender, acknowledging Pietro Angeli, Andrea's heir, as the legitimate Byzantine heir in his place. In his 1583 legal process, Heracleus used the style "Prince of the Morea, Despot of Moldavia, King of Macedonia and Albania" as well as "Grand Master of the Order of Saint George". Despite this, Heracleus continued his pretensions until a further complaint was issued in 1593 by Giovanni Andrea I Angeli, Pietro Angeli's son and heir. The Roman Curia again decided in the Angeli family's favor and Heracleus was imprisoned. After being released from prison, Heracleus lived more discreetly. He retained the monthly pensions sent by the Spanish government as the basis of his income. Heracleus is only attested again in 1599, when he was among the prominent members of the Greek community in Naples, involved in working to safe-guard the community's Eastern Orthodox element from integration with the Italian environment around them. Though he dropped the title of grand master of the Constantinian Order, Heracleus never stopped using his other claimed titles, given that they are attested in documents sent to the Spanish government between 1603 and 1606. In these documents, the now quite aged Heracleus petitioned for increasing his pension since the current amount, 25 gold escudos, was not enough to support his poor family in Naples. The Spanish government approved a small increase, to 30 gold escudos, far below Heracleus' requested 50 gold escudos. In their replies to Heracleus, the Spaniards at no point used his claimed titles, indicating that they might no longer have recognized his claims. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020415 Julius Tisdale Julius Tisdale was an American Negro league outfielder who played in the 1940s. Tisdale played for the New York Black Yankees in 1943. In three recorded games, he posted one hit in four plate appearances. External links. and Seamheads 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020420 Marvin Terrell (baseball) Willie Marvin Terrell, nicknamed "Flash", is an American former Negro league third baseman who played in the 1940s. Terrell played for the Atlanta Black Crackers in 1943. In three recorded games, he posted one hit in ten plate appearances. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020426 William Tate (baseball) William Tate was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1910s. Tate played for the Philadelphia Giants in 1915 and 1917. In three recorded career appearances on the mound, he posted a 4.70 ERA over 7.2 innings. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020432 Desmarella moniliformis Desmarella moniliformis is a species of choanoflagellata belonging to the family Salpingoecidae. The species is found in the northern parts of the Atlantic and north eastern parts of the Pacific near the United Kingdom, Belgium, and Sweden. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020442 Rashidpur, Raebareli Rashidpur is a village in Dih block of Rae Bareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 28 km from Raebareli, the district headquarters. As of 2011, it has a population of 1,633 people, in 300 households. It has one primary school and no healthcare facilities, as well as a sub post office, and it does not host a permanent market or a weekly haat. It belongs to the nyaya panchayat of Atawan. The 1951 census recorded Rashidpur as comprising 3 hamlets, with a total population of 785 people (385 male and 400 female), in 155 households and 150 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 823 acres. 42 residents were literate, all male. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Parshadepur and the thana of Salon. The 1961 census recorded Rashidpur as comprising 3 hamlets, with a total population of 772 people (348 male and 424 female), in 162 households and 158 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 823 acres. The 1981 census recorded Rashidpur as having a population of 963 people, in 97 households, and having an area of 384.45 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice. The 1991 census recorded Rashidpur (as "Rasidpur") as having a total population of 1,089 people (597 male and 492 female), in 211 households and 211 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 336 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 178, or 16% of the total; this group was 61% male (108) and 39% female (70). Members of scheduled castes made up 26% of the village's population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 26% (224 men and 61 women). 413 people were classified as main workers (318 men and 95 women), while 1 person were classified as marginal workers (a woman); the remaining 675 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 297 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 105 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 1 worker in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 1 household industry worker; 0 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 0 construction workers; 1 employed in trade and commerce; 0 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 8 in other services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020516 Medical Grade Music Medical Grade Music (2021) is an autobiographical book written by former English snooker player Steve Davis and Iranian musician Kavus Torabi. It focuses on the duo's shared affinity for psychedelic and progressive music. It also serves as a tribute to the late radio presenter John Peel. Critical reception. The book received mostly positive reviews. Paul Stevens of "Louder Than War" called the book "a great primer on music that falls outside of the Great Punk Rock War narrative and reveals a golden musical seam among the greatcoats, gloom and grease of the early 1970s" and complimented the contrast of Davis and Torabi's perspectives. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020521 Sebastien Chabot Sebastien Chabot (born 1976 in Sainte-Florence, Quebec) is a Canadian writer, whose novel "Noir metal" was a shortlisted finalist for the Governor General's Award for French-language fiction at the 2021 Governor General's Awards. Educated at the Universite du Quebec a Rimouski and the Universite du Quebec a Montreal, Chabot published his debut novel "Ma mere est une marmotte" in 2004. He followed up in 2006 with "L'Angoisse des poulets sans plumes", which won the Prix Jovette-Bernier. He subsequently published "Le Chant des mouches" in 2007, and "L'Empereur en culottes courtes" in 2013. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020583 Pure Thamman Pure Thamman is a village in Dih block of Rae Bareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 28 km from Salon, the tehsil headquarters. As of 2011, it has a population of 987 people, in 187 households. It has one primary school and no healthcare facilities, and it does not host a permanent market or a weekly haat. It belongs to the nyaya panchayat of Atawan. The 1951 census recorded Pure Thamman as comprising 2 hamlets, with a total population of 379 people (184 male and 195 female), in 73 households and 65 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 128 acres. 31 residents were literate, all male. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Parshadepur and the thana of Salon. The 1961 census recorded Pure Thamman as comprising 2 hamlets, with a total population of 351 people (172 male and 179 female), in 84 households and 80 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 128 acres. The 1981 census recorded Pure Thamman as having a population of 459 people, in 109 households, and having an area of 50.99 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice. The 1991 census recorded Pure Thamman as having a total population of 588 people (293 male and 295 female), in 126 households and 126 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 51 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 121, or 21% of the total; this group was 57% male (69) and 43% female (52). Members of scheduled castes made up 20% of the village's population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 37% (156 men and 62 women). 192 people were classified as main workers (138 men and 54 women), while 17 people were classified as marginal workers (4 men and 13 women); the remaining 379 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 162 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 13 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 2 workers in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 0 household industry workers; 4 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 0 construction workers; 1 employed in trade and commerce; 0 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 10 in other services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020624 White Paraguayans White Paraguayans or European Paraguayans are Paraguayan people whose ancestry lies within the continent of Europe, most notably Spain, Italy and Germany, and to a lesser extent, Ukraine and Poland. Paraguayan people of European ancestry mostly descend from people who arrived over the centuries from Spain and Italy. The Paraguayan population is the result of a heterogeneous mixture: mestizos, Creoles, Spanish immigrants, Italians, Germans, indigenous people of Guarani descent and indigenous people from the Pampas, etc. After the War of the Triple Alliance (1864-1870), in which the original Paraguayan population was practically exterminated, the country was repopulated with the help of immigrants, mainly from European and neighboring countries. European Paraguayans are an important ethnic group representing 30% of the Paraguayan population. An additional 70% of the population is mestizo, having mixed European and indigenous ancestry, most of them of Guarani descent. History. In the first phase, the Paraguayan population originated with the mass union of indigenous women - mainly those of Guarani ethnicity - and the Spanish colonizers, who arrived in the 16th century: The Paraguayan people, originated in the crossbreeding of Guarani and Spanish cultures, was governed for three hundred years under the dominion and colonial dependence of the Kingdom of Spain, with the Spaniards retaining all the rights and privileges that in most cases implied the exploitation of mestizos and natives. In a second phase, at the end of the War of the Triple Alliance - a dispute that took place between 1864 and 1870, having as protagonists the allies (Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay) against Paraguay - it is estimated that around 50% or more of the original Paraguayan population lost their lives. After this war, and during the course of the 20th century, European immigration (Germans, Spaniards, Italians, French, Russians, Belgians, etc.), added to the high birth rate of the population, contributed to the increase of the Paraguayan population, although in a more modest way compared to its neighboring countries. Recently, in the 1970s, with the construction of the Itaipu hydroelectric power plant, there was another "wave" of immigration, especially from Brazil (mostly of German descent), but also from Asia (Koreans, Taiwanese, Japanese), and from the Arab world (Syrian-Lebanese) to the country. Paraguay also had some Ukrainian immigration, although the Ukrainians who settled in Paraguay did so much later compared to those who decided to settle in Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay, whose settlements date back to the end of the 19th century. Polish immigrants arrived in Paraguay before and after World War II. The Itapua region on the border with Argentina received many Poles, Russians and Ukrainians. Many Poles came from Argentina and others came from Brazil. Paraguay has a history of other settlement, especially in the 20th century: Germans (the majority are Mennonites) with long-time Paraguayan dictator Alfredo Stroessner (President, 1954-1989) himself of German ancestry; Italians (around 40% of the total Paraguayan population is of full or partial Italian descent); Japanese with Okinawans; Koreans; Chinese; Arabs; Poles; Southern Europeans; Jews; Brazilians; and Argentines are among those who have settled in Paraguay. Numbers. Census data. The General Directorate of Statistics, Surveys and Censuses (DGEEC), the institution in charge of censuses in Paraguay, does not include the concepts of race in its surveys and only registers those people who belong to one of the officially recognized indigenous peoples. According to the 2012 Census, indigenous people totaled 112,848 people, corresponding to 1.68% of the country's total population. On the other hand, 70% of Paraguayans are culturally mestizo, while the remaining 30% are white, predominantly European and descendants of immigrants. Many of these white Latinos are located in Asuncion, Ciudad del Este, Encarnacion, San Bernardino, Altos and the western region of the country, which is inhabited by menonnites. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020657 Clioscaphites Clioscaphites is an extinct genus of ammonite belonging to the family Scaphitidae. Species in this genus are important index fossils of the Western Interior Seaway of the Coniacian to Santonian Ages of the Cretaceous. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020658 Ik (cuneiform) The cuneiform sign ik, (and iq), is a common-use sign of the Amarna letters, the "Epic of Gilgamesh," and other cuneiform texts (for example Hittite texts). It has a common secondary use in the Amarna letters for "iq", for the spelling of Akkadian "qabu", for English "to speak", in dialogue to the pharaoh in the letters. Linguistically, it has the alphabetical usage in texts for "k", or "q", or "g". And a replacement for any of the four vowels, "a, e, i, u". "Epic of Gilgamesh" usage. The "ik" sign usage in the "Epic of Gilgamesh" is as follows: ("eg", 2 times, "ek", 13, "eq", 2, "ig", 9, "ik", 51, "iq", 27, and "IG", 8 times). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020662 Maleyevka, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast Maleyevka () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Apoka River (a left tributary of the Seym), 40 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 68 km south-west of Kursk, 8 km south-west of the district center - the town Lgov, 5.5 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Maleyevka has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Maleyevka is located 5 km from the road of regional importance (Kursk - Lgov - Rylsk - border with Ukraine), 2 km from the road (Lgov - Sudzha), on the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Maleyevka - Lyubomirovka), 5.5 km from the nearest railway halt "378 km" (railway line 322 km - Lgov I). The rural locality is situated 75 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 139 km from Belgorod International Airport and 278 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020694 Lizandro Claros Lizandro Enmanuel Claros Saravia (born 25 January 1998) is a Salvadoran footballer who plays as a defender for Aguila. Career. Claros started his career with Salvadoran side Independiente (El Salvador). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020706 Halberton Halt railway station Halberton Halt railway station served the village of Halberton, Devon, England, from 1927 to 1964 on the Tiverton branch line. History. The station was opened on 5 December 1927 by the Great Western Railway. It was situated beneath Lower Town bridge. It closed on 5 October 1964. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020760 Perfect Vision Perfect Vision is the eighth solo album by Thalia Zedek, released on August 27, 2021, three years after "Fighting Season". Background. Released by Thrill Jockey on August 27, 2021, three years after her previous solo album "Fighting Season", "Perfect Vision" was recorded in late 2020 to early 2021 at Machines with Magnets, in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. Zedek's fifth solo album to be credited to the Thalia Zedek Band, "Perfect Vision" was recorded and mixed by producer Seth Manchester and mastered by Sarah Register. Whilst the material in Zedek's previous album "Fighting Season" "was written leading up to and following the 2016 U.S. elections", which contributed to the political themes of many of its songs, Zedek and Manchester finished working on "Perfect Vision" on January 6, 2021, as the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. was being violently attacked by a mob of supporters of President Donald Trump, resulting again in an album that is at points not only overtly political but one that, as Jared Dix reviewing it for "Echoes and Dust" states, "may even be angrier than the last album, "Fighting Season"". "Tolls" features fellow Thrill Jockey artist Alison Chesley, also known as Helen Money, on cello and piano. Critical reception. On Metacritic, the album has a weighted average score of 71 out of 100, based on four critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Jennifer Kelly, in her review of the album for "Dusted" magazine, declared that "Perfect Vision", "[l]ike all [of Zedek's] works, [.] exudes a brute, persistent strength that will not yield, no matter what happens". Kelly then went on to state that "[the] album presents an artist who has had all the time life affords to figure out how she wants to sound and all the support that long-time collaborators can bring to realizing her ideas. Every sound fits, without sounding in the least bit fussed over or premeditated." AllMusic's review of the album, penned by Mark Deming, suggested that "[e]ven more than "Fighting Season", "Perfect Vision" is art that offers a hard but honest look at the world and the times that gave it life, and its evocative power will still speak clearly long after other crises have replaced those keeping Zedek awake in 2021." Personnel. Thalia Zedek Band Additional musicians Production 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020776 American West Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year The American West Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year was an annual basketball award given to the American West Conference's most outstanding player. The award was bestowed just twice (1995, 1996) coinciding with men's basketball being offered for only the 1994-95 and 1995-96 seasons. The American West Conference operated as a whole from 1993-94 to 1995-96. The award winners were Sean Allen from Southern Utah and Ben Larson from Cal Poly. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020777 Team all-around artistic gymnastics at the Olympics The team all-around is an artistic gymnastics event held at the Summer Olympics. The event was first held for men at the third modern Olympics in 1904 but was only contested by teams from the United States. In 1908 and onwards it was contested by multiple different nations. The women's competition was added in 1928, skipped in 1932, and was re-added in 1936. It has been contested at every Olympic Games since. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020804 2006 Formula BMW USA season The 2006 Formula BMW USA season was the third season of the American Formula BMW championship for young drivers making the transition to car racing. The Overall Championship was won by Robert Wickens as the Rookie Cup was won by Daniel Morad. Teams and drivers. All cars were Mygale FB02 chassis powered by BMW engines. Standings. Points were awarded as follows: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020808 Saeed Ahmed Hashmi Saeed Ahmed Hashmi is a Pakistani politician who has been a Member of the Senate of Pakistan, since March 2021. Political career. Hashmi was first elected as senator in 2003 and reelected as a canididate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on seats for Technocrats/Ulema in 2006 Pakistani Senate elections and served till March 2012. In 2018, Hashmi along with some dissident Balochistan based leaders from PML-N and PML-Q founded Balochistan Awami Party. He was re-elected as senator as a canididate of Balochistan Awami Party on seats for Technocrats/Ulema in 2021 Pakistani Senate elections. He also thrice elected as MPA of Balochistan Assembly from his constituency PB-3 (Quetta-III) from 1988 to 1990, 1993-1996 and 1997-1999 and also served as provincial minister. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020812 Digital Search and Seizure Digital Search and Seizure refers to the ability of the United States Government to obtain and read an individual's private digital correspondence and material under The Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution. Reasonable Expectation of Privacy. The Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution protects against unreasonable search and seizure. Originally, remote surveillance of a person's communications, such as a telephone call, was not considered search and seizure without an "actual physical invasion" of a defendant's property. However, that standard was changed by the Supreme Court in 1967 in "Katz v. United States" when The Court considered a case where police bugged a phone booth and listened to defendant's phone call. Instead of the Fourth Amendment protecting private spaces defined by physical boundaries, The Court defined private spaces as where there is a "reasonable expectation of privacy." Since "Katz", additional case law has defined the scope of "reasonable expectation of privacy" to include cellphones and location data gathered by cellphones. Reasonable Expectation on the Internet. To keep up with the application of the Fourth Amendment to the internet, law enforcement is taught to consider a computer or cellphone as a closed container like a file cabinet, which are protected under the Fourth Amendment. If someone gives away their computer they lose Fourth Amendment protection; unless they retain control over the computer, such as temporarily leaving it with a friend for safekeeping. While caselaw can establish specific examples of when there is a reasonable expectation of privacy, the nature of the internet makes the application of the Fourth Amendment complicated. First, when there is a reasonable expectation of privacy is difficult to determine because internet users constantly disclose information to third parties, such as Internet Service Providers, as part of the regular functioning of the internet. Second, ISPs are required to turn over records by a court order such as a subpoena. Subpoenas do not have the same threshold of probable cause as required by search warrants under the Fourth Amendment. Lastly, ISPs are generally private entities, therefore they can voluntarily search their users records and voluntarily turn them over to the government without violating the Fourth Amendment. Legal Protections. However, there are federal laws that apply Fourth Amendment principles to the internet age. One such law is the Stored Communications Act which protects against search and seizure of digital information stored in memory. A search warrant is required to obtain the contents of an unread electronic communication that has been in storage for 180 days or less. A search warrant, a subpoena with notice, or court order meeting certain specifications is required to obtain the contents of an unread electronic communication in storage for more than 180 days, or a read electronic communication. Additionally, a network provider may not voluntarily disclose the content of an electronic communication except when: (1) disclosure is to the intended recipient or (2) someone who needs the information to send the data to the intended recipient, (3) the originator gives consent, (4) the provider needs to protect its interests (i.e. in case of a data breach), (5) the content contains child pornography, (6) the provider accidentally discovers evidence to a crime, (7) there is a serious emergency, or (8) otherwise provided by law. There are no federal regulations governing electronic search and seizure, but the FCC requires international common carriers to make their communications with parties in the United States in a form that subjects them to the Stored Communications Act, the Wiretap Act, and the Pen Register and Trap and Trace Statute. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020820 List of largest cryptocurrency exchanges The following is a list of cryptocurrency exchanges having the greatest trading volumes. A cryptocurrency exchange, or a digital currency exchange, is a business that allows customers to trade cryptocurrencies or digital currencies for other assets, such as conventional fiat money or other digital currencies. Exchanges may accept credit card payments, wire transfers or other forms of payment in exchange for digital currencies or cryptocurrencies. Only pure cryptocurrency exchanges are listed. List of largest cryptocurrency exchanges (2021). The 20 cryptocurrency exchanges with the largest trading volumes as of 11th October 2021 according to Statista. Bitcoin futures. Some of the largest Bitcoin futures trading platforms include the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and Bybit. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020916 Maria Louise Kirk Maria Louise Kirk (21 June 1860 - 21 June 1938), usually credited as M. L. Kirk or Maria L. Kirk, was an American painter and illustrator of more than fifty books, most of them for children. Her notable work includes illustrations for a US edition of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" in 1904, for the first edition of "The Secret Garden", and for several books by L. M. Montgomery and Johanna Spyri. Life and work. Born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, Kirk studied art in Philadelphia at the School of Design for Women and then at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, She had exhibitions around Pennsylvania and won awards in Philadelphia and Chicago. In the 1890s, she went on to study at the Art Institute of Chicago and in 1894 won the Mary Smith Prize of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, for a portrait. During her career, Kirk illustrated more than fifty books, including an American edition of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" in 1904. Her style is individual, little influenced by the Jugendstil or Art Deco movements. Although she was a talented artist, with so much published work, little is known about Kirk's life. In 2009, the Folio Society of London used Kirk's illustrations for its new edition of "At the Back of the North Wind. Reception. A review of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" (1904) in "The Advance" magazine said of it "Fifty-seven illustrations by M. L. Kirk and John Tenniel will keep the small reader at fever heat." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020921 Special Investigation Team (India) A Special Investigation Team (SIT) in India is a team appointed for investigation of serious crimes when the existing force is insufficient for the probe. The Supreme Court of India, Union Government of India and state government have the power to direct the officials involved in a case. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020932 Mira Sulpizi Mira Pratesi Sulpizi (born 28 December 1923) is an Italian composer who is best known for her works for guitar. Sulpizi was born in Milan. She studied composition with Alberto Soresina at the Universita Cattolica del Sacro Cuore. Her music is published by Casa Ricordi under the names Mira Pratesi and Mira Sulpizi. Her compositions include: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020971 Multipore searsid The multipore searsid ("Normichthys operosus") is a species of fish in the family Platytroctidae (tubeshoulders). Name. Its scientific name is from the Latin "operosus", "busy, hardworking". Its common name "multipore" refers to the dermal pits located behind its shoulders, and "searsid" is a name used for fish that resemble "Searsia koefoedi". Description. The multipore searsid is maximum long and is black or dark brown in colour. Its body is deep and compressed, its head about one-third of body length. It has a simple lateral line and few or no photophores. It has two to four large, and several smaller, open dermal pits behind the upper part of shoulder girdle, with usually at least one pit twice as wide as body scales; these give it the name "multipore." Habitat. The multipore searsid is bathypelagic, living in Atlantic Ocean at depths of , but rarely going below , following a isotherm and being found near seamounts. It is most concentrated in the waters southwest of Ireland. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69020974 Jeremy Kerr Jeremy Kerr is a Biology professor at the University of Ottawa (uO) where he holds the University Research Chair in Macroecology and Conservation. Kerr is a member of the NSERC Council, including its executive committee, and the past president of the Canadian Society for Ecology and Evolution (CSEE). He is the Chair of NSERC's Committee on Discovery Research. In 2021, Kerr was elected to be a member of Sigma Xi Society. While CSEE president (2016-18), Kerr oversaw the development of the society's Equity, Diversity and Inclusion policies. He constituted the committee to draft its first Diversity and Inclusivity Statement. Kerr, who is an entomologist with a focus on butterflies and bumblebees, is also active in public science and citizen science, including the eButterfly project. Education. Undergraduate. Completed biology honour project with David Currie at University of Ottawa. PhD. Completed in the Department of Biology, York University with Laurence Packer. Post-Doc. Completed in the Department of Zoology of Oxford University, with Robert May and Richard Southwood. OUPFB Field Course. Before the COVID-19 pandemic, Kerr was the instructor of Wildlife and Ecology in East African Ecosystems, a field course offered by the Ontario Universities Program in Field Biology (OUPFB) in 2019. His field course photography collection with detailed metadata explaining lion's behaviours in Tanzania was uploaded to the digital archive of uO. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021018 Cabinet cup In European porcelain, a cabinet cup is an unusually richly decorated cup, normally with a saucer, that did not form part of a tea service but was sold singly (or in a pair) to give as a present or to collectors. They were expected to be displayed in a glass-fronted china cabinet rather than put to regular use. The heyday of the cabinet cup was the second half of the 18th century and the first decades of the 19th century; they worked well in the showy Empire style then in fashion. A more general term, also covering plates and other shapes, is cabinet piece. The decoration generally included overglaze enamel painting of a very high standard, tending to focus on a single main subject or scene, rather than spreading equally around the cup in a pattern. The saucer was also decorated, often including the central area which would be covered by the cup in use. The bottom of the saucer often lacked the usual depression where the cup sat, as in cabinets the saucer was often displayed placed nearly vertical on a wire holder beside the cup, so that the whole saucer could be seen. Some are pieces commemorating either public events, especially concerning royalty, or private ones. There was often lavish use of gilding, an indication the pieces were not for heavy use, as this often did not wear well. The shape of the porcelain body of the cups was sometimes unusual and indeed impractical; there were often two handles. The two-handled cup with a cover is called a "caudle cup" in England, but typically a "chocolate cup" for continental examples. Caudle cups were given as presents to a mother lying-in after childbirth by female friends who gathered to celebrate by consuming this alcoholic porridge-like dish. Mug shapes were also used, and cabinet pieces might be sold as pairs, or sometimes available as small sets; in these cases the main paintings would be different but matching. Derby developed in the 1780s a particular saucerless type of "small straight-sided mugs generally termed 'coffee cans'", which "seem most likely have been conceived as cabinet pieces", and have some of the factory's finest painting. Most porcelain factories with a reputation for high-quality painting made at least some cabinet cups. Some supplied the unpainted bodies as "blanks" for "outside decoration" by independent "hausmaler" enamellers. In England, Worcester and Derby were early makers, and continental makers included Sevres and smaller Parisian factories, Vienna, Berlin, and Meissen. Buyers and prices. The early continental European porcelain factories relied heavily on making large and enormously expensive services for those in the court circle; England, where there was little if any investment by the court, was a partial exception. From around 1760 the growing prosperity of the "bourgeoisie" made increasing numbers able to afford smaller scale purchases of top-quality porcelain, and numbers of collectors emerged. The china cabinet already existed by the late 17th century, initially used for Japanese export porcelain and its Chinese equivalent. Cabinet pieces catered to this market, but were also bought as extra pieces by the very wealthy. For example a long note of an order placed with Derby in 1791 by George IV when Prince of Wales, includes "A Cab[inet] Cup to match that left with gold sprigs" and another pair whose design is described, as well as "A Plate same as his Cab. cups.". Cabinet pieces were expensive. In 1771 "Two curious antique beakers of the fine mazarin blue ground, elegantly painted, the triumph of Bacchus, highly finish'd with burnished and chased gold" were auctioned for PS21, while a 49 piece tea and coffee service fetched PS7. 7s. Dr. Johnson, who his biographer James Boswell said complained that porcelain was as expensive as silver, seems to have got something of a bargain in the early 1780s when he bought what the auction catalogue described as "A superb and elegant cabinet cup and saucer enamell'd in compartments with landscapes, fine ultramarine blue ground finished with chased and burnished gold" for PS1. 18 shillings, but this was more than twice what he paid for "A beautiful large punch bowl enamell'd with groups of coloured flowers." (18 s). These were Chelsea or Derby pieces bought when both factories were owned by William Duesbury and sold together. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021058 Cat Person (film) Cat Person is an upcoming American psychological thriller film directed by Susanna Fogel. Written by Michelle Ashford, it is based on the 2017 short story of the same name written by Kristen Roupenian for "The New Yorker". It stars Emilia Jones, Nicholas Braun, Geraldine Viswanathan, Hope Davis, Michael Gandolfini, Liza Koshy, Fred Melamed, Isaac Cole Powell, and Isabella Rossellini. Premise. 20-year-old sophomore college student Margot has a brief relationship with Robert, an older man who frequently visits the movie theater where she works. Production. "Cat Person" is a viral 2017 short story written by Kristen Roupenian for "The New Yorker". On June 20, 2021, StudioCanal and Imperative Entertainment announced they would be partnering in adapting the short story into a psychological thriller, with Susanna Fogel directing from a screenplay by Michelle Ashford, and Nicholas Braun and Emilia Jones attached to star. In October 2021, Geraldine Viswanathan, Hope Davis, Michael Gandolfini, Liza Koshy, Fred Melamed, Isaac Cole Powell, Isabella Rossellini, and Donald Elise Watkins joined the cast. Production began on October 14, 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021064 Leonce und Lena (opera) Leonce und Lena is a 1979 opera by Paul Dessau after the play "Leonce und Lena" by Georg Buchner. Recording. Konig Peter: Reiner Suss, Leonce: Eberhard Buchner, Lena: Carola Nossek, Valerio: Peter Menzel, Gouvernante: Edda Schaller, Otmar Suitner 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021070 No Speak Alexander No Speak Alexander (foaled 14 April 2018) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. She showed some promise as a juvenile in 2020 when she won one minor race from five attempts. In the following year she developed into a high-class performer, winning the Athasi Stakes and running third in the Irish 1000 Guineas before recording her biggest success in the Matron Stakes. Background. No Speak Alexander is a bay filly with a small white star and white socks on her forelegs bred in Ireland by her owner Noel O'Callaghan's Mountarmstrong Stud. As a yearling in 2019 she was put up for auction at the Goffs Orby Sale but failed to reach her reserve price of EUR190,000. She was sent into training with Jessica Harrington at Moone, County Kildare. She was from the first crop of foals sired by Shalaa, a sprinter who showed his best form as a two-year-old in 2015 when his wins included the Prix Morny and Middle Park Stakes. No Speak Alexander's dam Rapacity Alexander, a full sister to the Hong Kong Sprint winner Peniaphobia, showed good racing ability, winning two of her six starts including the Listed Prix La Fleche in France as a two-year-old. Rapacity Alexander was a female-line descendant of the influential British broodmare Point Duty. Racing career. 2020: two-year-old season. No Speak Alexander began her racing career in a maiden race over five and a half furlongs at Navan Racecourse on 10 June when she started at odds of 8/1 and came home seventh of the fourteen runners behind Frenetic, beaten six and three quarter lengths by the winner. on 7 July at Roscommon Racecourse the filly went off at odds of 13/2 in a maiden over seven and a half furlongs on heavy ground. Ridden, as on her debut, by Shane Foley she disputed the lead from the start, gained the advantage entering the last quarter mile and won "easily" by six and a half lengths from the Aidan O'Brien-trained favourite Divinely. On 22 August No Speak Alexander was sent to France and moved up in class for the Group 2 Prix du Calvados over 1400 metres at Deauville Racecourse in which she was ridden by Frankie Dettori and finished fourth behind Fev Rover. At Leopardstown Racecourse three weeks later she ran second to Monday in the Listed Ingabelle Stakes, beaten three quarters of a length by the winner. She ended her season in the Group 3 Weld Park Stakes over seven furlongs at the Curragh on 27 September. With Foley in the saddle she took the lead entering the final furlong but was overtaken in the closing stages and came home fourth behind Elysium. 2021: three-year-old season. On 3 May No Speak Alexander began her second campaign in the Group 3 Athasi Stakes over seven furlongs on soft ground at the Curragh in which she started the 11/2 fourth choice in the betting behind Champers Elysees, Zaffy's Pride (winner of the Star Appeal Stakes and also trained by Harrington) and Queen's Speech. After tracking the leaders Queen's Speech and Zaffy's Pride, No Speak Alexander gained the advantage a furlong out and won by a length and a half from Zaffy's Pride despite hanging to the left in the closing stages. After the race Shane Foley said She was good, she's been working like that and I was keen to ride her over [Zaffy's Pride]. She's a filly that I thought might have run well in the French Guineas, but we didn't have her in it. She's probably entitled to come back for the Irish Guineas now after that. She likes that bit of juice in the ground." In the Irish 1000 Guineas on heavy ground at the Curragh on 23 May No Speak Alexander started at odds of 13/2 in a fourteen-runner field. She led for most of the way before being overtaken in the last 100 yards and finished third behind Empress Josephine and Joan of Arc, beaten just over a length by the winner. After a two-month break, No Speak Alexander returned to the track in the Prix Rothschild over 1600 metres at Deauville on 3 August when she finished unplaced behind Mother Earth after being badly hampered 400 metres from the finish. On 11 September at Leopardstown, No Speak Alexander, ridden as usual by Foley, started a 25/1 outsider for the Group 1 Matron Stakes over one mile on good ground. Mother Earth started favourite while the other eleven runners included Champers Elysees, Pretty Gorgeous, Shale, Empress Josephine, Pearls Galore (Brownstown Stakes), Dreamloper (Valiant Stakes), Acanella (Snow Fairy Stakes) and Epona Plays (Lanwades Stud Stakes). After tracking the leaders No Speak Alexander began to make progress in the straight, overhauled the front-running Shale a furlong out and prevailed by a neck from Pearls Galore. As she made her winning run she hung left, hampering Shale and Mother Earth, but after an inquiry by the racecourse stewards the result was allowed to stand. After the race Jessica Harrington said "It was her day in the sun today. Everything was right and she really came on from the last day. She got no run in France at all--she got knocked over a furlong down. We trained her for this day and we rode her the same way as we did in the Guineas--up at the sharp end. She's probably got a little bit stronger. She likes a bit of nice ground. This was the plan and we'll enjoy the day." Foley received a five-day suspension for careless riding for his performance in the race: Aidan O'Brien (the trainer of Shale and Mother Earth) later opined that the jockey should have been banned for a month. No Speak Alexander made her final racecourse appearance in the Sun Chariot Stakes over one mile at Newmarket Racecourse on 2 October. She finished sixth of the twelve runners behind Saffron Beach after looking to be outpaced in the closing stages. Four days after the race it was announced that No Speak Alexander had been retired from racing to become a broodmare. Jessica Harrington said "She's been a smashing filly, really brilliant for everyone. Hopefully she'll be lucky as she heads off on her new career. The Matron Stakes was undoubtedly the highlight. She's been a great filly to train." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021076 Abel Luckyfizzo Horton Abel Luckyfizzo Horton (born 7 March 1995) is a Liberian professional footballer who last played as an attacking midfielder or winger for Portuguese club S.C. Esmoriz and the Liberia national team. Club career. From 2012 to 2014, Horton played for LISCR FC. In 2015, he joined Swedish club KF Velebit on a one-year deal. He joined Swedish division two club Larje-Angereds IF in 2017. In August 2018, he joined Mozambican topflight club Clube de Desportos da Costa do Sol. He joined Portuguese club S.C. Esmoriz in 2019. International career. Horton has represented Liberia at the under-20 and under-23 levels. In 2013, Horton accepted the call to play for the Liberian senior team in the qualifying rounds of the 2014 FIFA World Cup against the Angola. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021078 Dilawalpur, Raebareli Dilawalpur is a village in Dih block of Rae Bareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 28 km from Raebareli, the district headquarters. As of 2011, it has a population of 1,683 people, in 305 households. It has 2 primary schools and no healthcare facilities, and it does not host a permanent market or a weekly haat. It belongs to the nyaya panchayat of Atawan. The 1951 census recorded Dilawalpur as comprising 7 hamlets, with a total population of 738 people (373 male and 365 female), in 181 households and 160 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 822 acres. 6 residents were literate, 5 male and 1 female. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Parshadepur and the thana of Salon. The 1961 census recorded Dilawalpur (as "Dilawarpur") as comprising 7 hamlets, with a total population of 802 people (400 male and 402 female), in 195 households and 190 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 822 acres. The 1981 census recorded Dilawalpur as having a population of 1,146 people, in 242 households, and having an area of 332.65 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice. The 1991 census recorded Dilawalpur as having a total population of 1,460 people (778 male and 682 female), in 264 households and 264 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 326 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 307, or 21% of the total; this group was 52% male (161) and 48% female (146). Members of scheduled castes made up 32% of the village's population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 19% (238 men and 39 women). 394 people were classified as main workers (387 men and 7 women), while 0 people were classified as marginal workers; the remaining 1,066 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 344 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 28 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 1 worker in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 0 household industry workers; 15 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 0 construction workers; 1 employed in trade and commerce; 0 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 5 in other services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021080 Sultan Djabir Sultan Djabir (or Bokoyo, born - 11 January 1918) was ruler of a region on the Uele River in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo. He engaged in the ivory and slave trade with Muslims from the north and with Belgians from the south. Eventually he was forced to flee to the Sudan when he refused to pay tribute to the Congo Free State. Early years. Bokoyo was a paramount chief of the Bandia people, son of Dwaro and grandson of Hiro, born around 1855. He first settled near the Dume River, a tributary of the Mbomou River. De Bauw says that when he was 14 years old he wanted to travel. An Arab caravan let him follow them north to Khartoum, where he stayed for three months. According to de la Kethulle, he was a sincere Muslim who fasted and prayed during Ramadan. He also adopted Arabic dress. Around 1875, Bokoyo had to flee his father's residence and took refuge with Swa, son of Gaia, son of Gatanga, son of Ino, who kept him in detention for fear of his intrigues. Bokoyo escaped and settled in the territory of Gezere, a Nubian who represented the Sudanese slave trader Al-Zubayr Rahma Mansur. He took the Muslim name of Djabir, and travelled with Gezere to Khartoum. He returned from Khartoum with the Arab Kabasi, then guided the Arab Alikobbo to the Bili River basin and towards the lower Uele River. In 1884 the agents of the Egyptian government withdrew to Bahr el Ghazal to support Frank Lupton, who was cut off by the Mahdists. Djabir followed Alikobbo part of the way, then took his people, arms and ammunition and installed himself between the Angoli river and the territory of Ngia, his brother. Abdallah, a lieutenant of Alikobbo, remained at Bomu. Djabir attacked and defeated him on the Dume River. Taking Adballah's arms, Djabir moved south and settled on the Zagiri and Mamboya, tributaries that enter the Uele River from the north. Sultan Rafai returned from Bahr el Ghazal where he had been fighting the Mahdists and settled at the Mago, downstream from Djabir. He did not trust Djabir, and imprisoned him for two years from 1886 to 1888. Djabir managed to escape, and after some maneuvering between the two sultans and their Arab allies Rafai moved to the north while Djabir contacted the Europeans at Basoko. European contact (1889-90). Jerome Becker met Sultan Djabir at Basoko in December 1889, and in January 1890 reached Djabir's sultanate. Later in 1890 an expedition led by Leon Roget with Jules Alexandre Milz and Joseph Duvivier established the Ibembo station on the Itimbiri River and the Ekwangatana post. On 25 May 1890 they crossed the Likati and on 27 May 1890 reached the Uele River opposite Sultan Djabar's village of Djabir (now called Bondo). Sultan Djabir signed a treaty with Milz and a post was established on the site of the former Egyptian zeriba of Deleb. Milz began construction of the station while Roget, guided by Sultan Djabir, tried unsuccessfully to join Alphonse van Gele in Yakoma. Roget had gone north as far as Mbili and Gangu, having heard that the country downstream was too dangerous. On 9 June 1890 he returned to Djabir. Roget left Djabir in July to return to Basoko, the Pool and Boma, leaving Milz in command with instructions to attempt the liaison with Yakoma. In July-August 1890 Milz and his assistant Mahutte and Sultan Djabir led 100 fusiliers and 400 lancers in an attempt to push through the non-submissive people along the right bank, but were forced to return to Djabir after nine days. Milz and van Gele finally made contact on 3 December 1890, confirming that the Uele was the upper portion of the Ubangi. Djabir became an officer in the "Force Publique" and was paid an annual salary. Clement-Francois Vande Vliet described Djabir as he was in October 1891, Slave and ivory trade. In December 1891 Sultan Djabir sold the Congo Free State 156 adult slaves and 65 children. Due to harsh treatment by the Belgians, few of them survived. Djabir sold hundreds of slaves to the state at a rate of 10 men for one musket, raiding the neighboring villages to obtain men to serve in the "Force Publique". He and other sultans in the region traded with Belgian concessionaries such as the Societe des Sultanats, selling ivory and slaves in return for guns and ammunition. The sultans also sold slaves and ivory to Muslims from the Wadai and other places to the north, receiving goods such as guns, salt, cattle and cloth in exchange. The local chiefs would bring ivory and slaves to the town of Djabir, selling them inside the sultan's court, which was off-limits to Europeans. Last years. Marcus Dorman visited Djabir in 1904. He wrote, In 1905 the Congo Free State attacked Djabir, who had to flee to French territory to the north. Although the Free State had known about Djabir's illicit trading, the Belgians tolerated it until he refused to pay tribute. He settled in the Sudan near Deim Zubeir. He died there on 11 January 1918. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021084 Puntila (opera) Puntila is a 1959 opera by Paul Dessau 1956-1959, to a libretto by Peter Palitzsch and Manfred Wekwerth after the play "Mr Puntila and his Man Matti" by Brecht. It was premiered 15 November 1966. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021102 Matty Hong Matthew Jacob Hong (born September 4, 1991) is an American rock climber, filmmaker and photographer. In 2018, he became the fourth American to climb a route graded at . As a filmmaker, he directed the 2017 film "Break on Through", which documented Margo Hayes completing the first female ascent of a 5.15-rated route, featured on the Reel Rock Film Tour. Biography. Hong was born in Boulder, Colorado in 1991. He began climbing at an early age, brought to climbing spots in Rifle Canyon as a baby by his father Steve Hong and mother Karin Budding, who were both pioneering rock climbers. He joined a climbing team in middle school and began climbing more seriously at age 15, when he climbed his first and routes in Rifle. In 2011, Hong recorded the first ascent of "Bad Girls Club" in Rifle and in 2015, he bolted and completed his first route, "La Cucaracha" in Wicked Cave, also in Rifle. After earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Film Production at the University of Colorado Boulder, Hong climbed his first route, "Papichulo" in Oliana, Spain, in March 2016. In May 2018, he climbed the "Fight or Flight" in Oliana, Spain, becoming the fourth American to climb the grade after Chris Sharma, Ethan Pringle and Daniel Woods. In October 2021, Hong completed the second ever ascent of "Flex Luthor", first sent by Tommy Caldwell in 2003. Hong suggested the grade be revised to from . If the new grade stands, Caldwell would retroactively become the first American to climb a 15.5b route and Hong would become the fifth. Hong competed at IFSC Climbing World Youth Championships in 2009 and 2010 in the Male Youth Junior (age 17-19) category. He has also competed in the senior climbing circuit, making the final at the 2011 IFSC Lead World Cup event in Boulder, finishing sixth. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021106 Inhini River The Inhini River is a tributary of the Iskut River in the northwest part of the province of British Columbia, Canada, in Cassiar Land District. From its source in the glaciers of Simma Mountain and Mount Rastus, the Inhini River flows north for about to the Iskut River just east of the Iskut's confluence with the Stikine River. The Inhini River's watershed covers , and its mean annual discharge is an estimated . The river's watershed's land cover is classified as 26.2% shrubland, 23.7% barren, 20.7% snow/glacier, 16.2% conifer forest, and small amounts of other cover. The mouth of the Inhini River is located about east-northeast of Wrangell, Alaska, about northwest of Stewart, British Columbia, and about south of Telegraph Creek, British Columbia. The Inhini River is in the traditional territory of the Tlingit, specifically the Shtax'heen Kwaan, commonly known as the Stikine River people. It is also in the asserted traditional territory of the Tahltan First Nation and Iskut First Nation, of the Tahltan people. Geography. The Inhini River originates in two forks near the border of Alaska. The longer eastern fork flows from the glacial meltwaters of Mount Rastus and Simma Mountain, close to the source of Simma Creek, a tributary of the Craig River. This fork flows for about before being joined by the west fork, which flows from the glacial meltwaters of Mount Fawcett, an Alaska-British Columbia boundary peak. The mainstem Inhini River flows north between Inhini Mountain and Mount Whipple, then between Fizzle Mountain and Snowy Mountain, collecting a number of unnamed tributary streams. It becomes a braided river after entering the floodplain of the Iskut River. The Inhini River empties into a side channel of the highly braided Iskut River about east of the mouth of the Iskut, where it joins the Stikine River a few kilometres upriver of the Alaska boundary. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021112 Amanda Ngabirano Amanda Aziidah Ngabirano, is a Ugandan urban planner, urban planning consultant and academic, who serves as a lecturer and researcher in the "Department of Architecture #amp; Physical Planning", in the "College of Engineering, Design, Art and Technology" (CEDAT), at Makerere University, Uganda's oldest and largest public university. She is also an outspoken promoter of bicycle transport in urban areas, touting that mode of transportation to "reduce noise and air pollution, lower transport costs, decongest urban centres, create more green spaces and achieve more inclusive mobility". Background and education. She was born in Kasese Town, in the Western Region of Uganda in the 1970s. She attended Mubuku Primary School and Hima Primary School, before joining Kigezi High School, a mixed, boarding high school in Kabale City, approximately , from home. After high school, she missed the government scholarship scheme and was unable to enter university because her parents could not afford the fees. She spent the next three years at a vocational school in Mbarara City, studying Swahili. The teachers' college where she studied, "Kakoba National Teacher's College", is now a component of Bishop Stuart University, a private Christian university. In her final year at Kakoba, she registered for the university entrance examinations again. The sat those A-Level examinations at St. Leo's College, Kyegobe, a Catholic, all-boys, boarding school in Fort Portal City. She passed and was admitted to Makerere University on government scholarship, to study urban planning, her only selection on the application. In 2002, she entered Makerere University, graduating three years later with a Bachelor of Urban Planning degree. Later, she studied at the University of Greenwich, in the United Kingdom and at Saxion University of Applied Sciences, at the campus in Deventer, approximately , by road, east of Amsterdam, in the Netherlands. She graduated with a Master of Urban, Community and Regional Planning. As of October 2021, Amanda is pursuing a Doctorate degree in urban and regional planning through Saxion University of Applied Sciences. Career. While an undergraduate at Makerere, Amanda anchored the news in Kiswahili on Uganda Television (UTV), twice a week, at USh20,000 (approx. US$12 at that time), per session. She began lecturing at Makerere in 2006, on a part-time basis. She was appointed as a full-time lecturer in 2010. She picked interest in bicycling as a mode of urban transportation, while pursuing her master's degree in Europe. She bought a bicycle and began cycling back and forth between her off-campus residence and the university. For the thesis of her master's degree, she selected "Integrating Bicycle Transport in City Planning: A Case Study of Kampala City". She carried out her research by interviewing bicyclists on the streets of Kampala. An idea that she developed, which her supervisor at university thought was impractical, was accepted by the Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA). A major road in the city was reserved for pedestrians, wheelchairs and bicyclist, blocking out motorized transport. The road is called "Namirembe Road". Family. Amanda Ngabirano is a married mother of two children, one daughter born circa 2000 and one son born circa 2006. Other considerations. In December 2021, Amanda Ngabirano was appointed as the substantive Chairperson of the National Planning Authority of Uganda (NPPB). She had occupied the position in acting capacity from 4 July 2020. She previously served as the vice president of the World Cycling Alliance. She is a member of the consultative forum to unite Ugandan taxi operators under a single organization. She is the African partner for "Move Mobility", an organization based in Deventer, Netherlands. She is a member of "Collaboration for Active Mobility in Africa" (CAMA). She is the Ugandan coordinator for "High Volume Transport Applied Research Programme". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021119 Lebanese people in Israel Lebanese in Israel are Lebanese people living in Israel. Most of them are former members of the South Lebanon Army (SLA) and their families. The SLA was a Christian-dominated militia allied with the Israel Defense Forces during the South Lebanon conflict until Israel's withdrawal from Lebanon in May 2000 that ended the Israeli occupation of Southern Lebanon. The majority are Maronites but there are also Muslims, Druze and Christians of other denominations among them. They do not consider themselves as Arabs, claiming to be Phoenicians. They are registered by the Ministry of Interior as "Lebanese" and hold Israeli citizenship. The native language of former SLA members is Lebanese Arabic. However, the language is only partially transmitted from one generation to another. The majority of the second generation understand and speak Lebanese Arabic but are unable to read and write it. Young Lebanese Israeli mainly text in Hebrew or, more rarely, in Lebanese Arabic written in the Hebrew alphabet. Religious books for children and youths are similarly written in Classical Arabic (or in Lebanese Arabic for some songs) in Hebrew letters. Their main church is in Acre, Israel and they tend to pray separately from other Maronites in Israel. They are located across the country, mainly in the Northern District. Around 250 families live in Nahariya, 100 in Kiryat Shmona, and 80 in Tiberias. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021134 Dwayne Fontana Dwayne Lamore Fontana (born 21 February 1973) is an American former basketball player. He played college basketball for Arizona State before going on to play professionally. In 2001, he was the leading scorer of the Icelandic Urvalsdeild. High school career. Fontana attended Riordan High in San Francisco where he played basketball. College career. Fontana played for years for Arizona State, averaging 10.1 points and 5.9 rebounds over his career. During his senior year the University was rocked by a point-shaving scandal involving teammates Hedake Smith and Isaac Burton. He was interviewed in the Netflix series "Bad Sport" about his teammates' involvement. Professional career. In September 2000, Fontana signed with Urvalsdeild karla club KFI. On 13 October he scored a season high 48 points against Valur/Fjolnir. On 21 February, he grabbed 15 offensive rebounds against Njardvik. For the season, Fontana averaged a league leading 33.0 points and 13.9 rebounds per game. Following his stay in Iceland, Fontana played shortly in Spain and Luxembourg before retiring from basketball. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021151 Mario Carita Mario Carita (Milan, 3 May 1904 - Kastelruth, 19 May 1945) was an Italian Fascist soldier and policeman, leader of the Banda Carita, a group infamous for the atrocities committed during its anti-partisan activities in the Italian Social Republic. Biography. Born to unknown parents, he lived his youth in Lodi, and joined the Fascist movement at age fifteen, becoming a "squadrista" in the "action squad" led by Luigi Freddi. In 1919 he was arrested for having fired on the crowd during an electoral rally in Milan; he was later involved in the murder of an anti-Fascist. In the 1920s he moved to Florence, where he worked as radio salesman, and after being fired for fraud, he opened his own radio repair shop, which he later expanded to include a gambling den. In 1939 he volunteered in the Volunteer Militia for National Security during the Italian invasion of Albania, and later fought in the Greco-Italian War and in Yugoslavia, with the rank of "centurione" (Captain). He later returned to his shop in Florence, secretly working as informer for the OVRA and exploiting his job to report to the police customers who confided to him that they were secretly listening to Radio London. The Armistice of Cassibile found him in Bologna, where he tried to reopen the local section of the National Fascist Party, which had closed down following the fall of the regime on 25 July 1943. He then returned to Florence on 17 September 1943, where he joined the Italian Social Republic and founded a special police unit, the "Reparto Servizi Speciali" (Special Services Unit), devoted to repression of anti-Fascist activities, which would become best known as "Banda Carita" ("Carita gang"); its members initially numbered about sixty, divided into three groups, and soon became infamous for their widespread use of torture (such as beatings, electrical shocks and tearing of nails) on suspected Resistance members. Members of the "Banda Carita" later grew to nearly two hundred, including several common criminals; among them was Pietro Koch, who would later go on to establish his own infamous "gang". Another prominent member of the "Banda Carita" was Epaminonda Troya, a Benedictine monk, who played Neapolitan songs or Schubert's Symphony No. 8 at the piano to cover the screams of the victims during their torture. Carita's daughters, 17-year-old Elisa and twenty-year-old Franca, also participated in torture sessions. Carita, like many members of his band, was a cocaine addict. On 2 November 1943 Carita's unit arrested all members of the military committee of the Florentine National Liberation Committee (among them Adone Zoli), with the exception of Communist Alessandro Sinigaglia. In December the "Reparto Servizi Speciali" was merged with the "Ufficio Politico Investigativo" (Political Investigative Office) of Florence of the Republican National Guard (GNR), being renamed "Ufficio II" of the GNR Command of Florence. Carita's methods disgusted even supporters of the regime, among them philosopher Giovanni Gentile, as well as the German allies, who reported his excesses in their internal reports. Addressing these accusations, Carita personally wrote to Mussolini on 14 December 1943, claiming that his actions had been exaggerated and that he was merely reviving the early traditions of squadrismo, the only methods that would be effective in crushing the enemies of the regime. On 13 February 1944 the "Banda Carita" located Communist partisan leader Alessandro Sinigaglia, who was killed while trying to escape, and on 26 February a weapons depot of the Action Party was discovered and seized. Other members of the CLN were arrested, and the linotype of the partisan newspaper "La Liberta" was captured; for these successes, in late February 1944 Carita was promoted to "seniore" (Major). On 26 April 1944 his men captured another Communist Resistance leader, Bruno Fanciullacci, who was tortured without revealing anything and was later freed by a coup de main enacted by his comrades of the "Gruppi di Azione Patriottica". On 7 June 1944, the "Banda Carita" arrested all members of Radio Cora, a clandestine radio that maintained contact between the Resistance and the Allies; five of its members were executed five days later, others were tortured (in some cases to death) and then sent to concentration camps in Germany. On 8 July 1944, as the Allies advanced towards Florence, Carita left the city and moved to Bergantino and later to Padua, where he continued his anti-partisan activities, infiltrating members of his unit in the ranks of the Resistance and arresting and torturing political opposers. On 19 November 1944 Carita's men captured partisan leader Franco Sabatucci, who was imprisoned and torture for a month, before being killed in December during an escape attempt. In February 1945 his unit was transferred under direct German command and renamed "Reparto Speciale Italiano" (Italian Special Unit). On 27 April 1945, with the collapse of the Italian Social Republic and partisan insurrections breaking out throughout northern Italy, the "Banda Carita" was dissolved; Carita fled to South Tyrol together with his two daughters and his lover Emilia Chiani, hiding in a farm in the Seiser Alm. In the night between 18 and 19 May 1945, American soldiers entered the farm where Carita was hiding, finding him in bed with Chiani. Carita grabbed his gun and shot two American soldiers dead, but was killed in the ensuing shootout; Chiani was wounded by a stray shot and captured, along with Carita's two daughters. A considerable amount of money was also found hidden in the farm. In September 1945 Carita's eldest daughter, Franca, was sentenced to sixteen years in prison for having participated in her father's torture sessions; four more members of the "Banda Carita" were sentenced to death (but only one sentence was actually carried out, the one against police "brigadiere" Antonio Conradeschi) and twenty to life imprisonment. These sentences were however reduced by later trials and amnesties, and by the mid-1950s all members of the "Banda Carita" were free. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021182 Lionel Booth (cricketer) Lionel Edward Blakeney Booth (21 December 1850 -- 9 July 1912) was an English first-class cricketer and British Army officer. The son of Lionel Booth, he was born at Marylebone in December 1850. He was educated at Wellington College, Berkshire. After leaving Wellington, he was commissioned into the 104th Regiment of Foot as a sub-lieutenant in January 1872. He was promoted to lieutenant in January 1872, which was antedated to the date of his commission. Booth transferred to the Duke of Wellington's Regiment in July 1875, at which point he was made a captain. He served in the Second Anglo-Afghan War, with Booth being promoted to brevet major in September 1882, in recognition of his service during the conflict. He played first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1885, making a single appearance against Hampshire at Southampton. Batting once in the match, he was dismissed for 8 runs in Hampshire's first innings by H. H. Armstrong. As his military career continued, Booth was seconded for service on the staff in August 1889, being appointed aide-de-camp to Major-General Sir T. D. Baker in British India. His promotion from brevet major to major came in August 1890, with promotion to lieutenant colonel following in December 1898. He was placed in command of the 16th Regimental Division of the Bedfordshire Regiment in October 1902, with Booth being made a colonel upon his appointment. He retained this command until October 1906, after which he retired from active service in December 1907. He died at Billingham Manor on the Isle of Wight in July 1912. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021183 Solitary Men (album) Solitary Men is a 1983 collaborative studio album by Italian producer Giorgio Moroder and Grammy-winning American singer Joe Esposito. Highlights from the album include a new arrangement of 'Nights in White Satin' by the Moody Blues and Lady, Lady, which appears in the films "Flashdance" and "Call Me by Your Name". Personnel. Credits adapted from liner notes. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021189 Icacinicaryites Icacinicaryites is an extinct genus of flowering plant belonging to the order Icacinales and family Icacinaceae. Specimens have been found Paleocene beds in the Western Interior of North America and in the Paris Basin. The taxonomy of "I. israelii" is disputed. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021221 El Robespierre Espanol El Robespierre Espanol (meaning "The Spanish Robespierre" in English) was a Spanish language political magazine with the subtitle, "amigo de las leyes: o questiones atrevidas sobre la Espana". Although it was published just for one year from 1811 to 1812, the magazine is significant due to the fact that it was the first Spanish magazine which was edited by a woman, Maria del Carmen Silva. History and profile. The first issue of "El Robespierre Espanol" which was irregularly published appeared in March 1811. Fernandez Sardino, husband of Carmen Silva, was the founder of the magazine and had been also the editor-in-chief, but he was arrested due to his alleged anti-patriotic activities during the War of Independence. Then Carmen Silva assumed the post. The magazine was based in Isla de Leon, today Cadiz. "El Robespierre Espanol" adopted an Aristotelian approach towards revolution and described it as a "declaration of public opinion through deeds." This definition was given in the magazine as a reason for the overthrow of the despotic governments in that such governments had been ruled without taking into consideration the public opinion. The magazine folded in July 1812. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021222 Tin Can (film) Tin Can is a Canadian science fiction horror film, directed by Seth A. Smith and released in 2020. The film stars Anna Hopkins as Fret, a parasitologist who is working on the cure to a fungal pandemic when she is abducted and imprisoned in a life suspension chamber by mysterious forces. The cast also includes Simon Mutabazi, Amy Trefry, Michael Ironside, Shelley Thompson and Taylor Olson. Smith has clarified that the film was shot prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. The film premiered at the Sitges Film Festival in 2020, and had its North American premiere at the Fantasia Film Festival in August 2021. It was also screened at the 2021 FIN Atlantic Film Festival, where it won the awards for Best Score and Best Cinematography in an Atlantic Canadian film. It has been acquired for commercial distribution by levelFilm, with commercial release planned for 2022. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021241 Earvin Jose Earvin Jose (born April 6, 1992) is a retired Guamanian basketball player who has represented his tiny island nation internationally, as a member of the Guam national basketball team, and a prominent businessman in his country. He has been described as "a mainstay in Guam basketball." Jose's playing position in basketball was that of guard. Professional basketball career. Jose played for the Sushi Rockets team during Guam Basketball Association's 2016 season. In 2017, he played for the Toothfairies side. He also competed at the 2017 Summerjam Day of Champions tournament for the HVK Bulldogs basketball team, where he was the scoring leader of the tournament and led his team to the Men's varsity division title game. Jose scored 133 points in this tournament, for an average of 16 points per game, receiving the Bank of Guam award as the tournament's top scorer. Guam National basketball team. Earvin Jose has appeared in a total of seven FIBA Asia Cup basketball tournament's qualification games and at various other tournaments representing Guam. At the Asia Cup qualifiers, he scored 5 points per game while making 50 percent of his shots from the 2 point area, 42.9 percent of his three point shots and 80 percent of his free throw shots, with 1.6 rebounds and 0.4 assists per game. The national team won six of the seven Asia Cup qualification games he played at, losing only to the New Zealand team. Jose won a gold medal as a member of the Guam men's national basketball team at the 2019 Pacific Games. Jose's highest point outpost in the latter tournament was 15 points versus the Samoan team in Guam's first game; he averaged 5.4 points, 2.4 rebounds and 0.6 assists per game in the competition. Businessman. Once he retired, Jose embarked in a new career as a businessman. He was named, on January 14, 2021, general manager of the Guam Brewery. He has also been nominated for various business awards: He was nominated for the 2018 Guam Young Professional of the Year award and was also a 2019 Guam Business Magazine "40 under 40" candidate. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021244 Jerzy Sapieyevski Jerzy Sapieyevski (born Jerzy Sapiejewski in Lodz, 20 March 1945), is a Polish-born pianist, composer and conductor who settled in the United States in 1967. Career. Jerzy Sapiejewski was born in Lodz and began music and engineering studies in his native Poland and settled in the USA 1967. In 1968 he received a scholarship from the Koussevitzky Foundation and participated as a pianist and composer at the Tanglewood Music Festival. In the following year he worked as an assistant at the Catholic University of America and in 1971 he was a finalist at an international conducting competition in France. For a while he was married to Anne Lindbergh, some of whose poems he set to music in 1979. Sapieyevski's music blends popular and classical styles and he has experimented with interactive works in which electronic instruments have featured. In 2005 the composer was decorated with the Knight Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland. Currently he is a professor emeritus at the American University in Washington. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021259 The Consequences The Consequences () is a 2021 family drama film directed by Claudia Pinto Emperador. It stars Juana Acosta, Alfredo Castro, Maria Romanillos and Carme Elias. Plot. Following a travel to a small volcanic island, a woman starts suspecting something is wrong about her family. Production. "The Consequences" was directed by Claudia Pinto Emperador whereas the screenplay was co-written by Pinto alongside Eduardo Sanchez Rugeles. Produced by Sin Rodeos Films and Las consecuencias AIE in co-production with N279 Entertainment, Potemkino and Erase una vez Films, the production was supported by RTVE, Eurimages, IVC (Institut Valencia de Cultura), the Netherland Film Fund, the Netherland Film Production Incentive, A Punt Media, TV3 and it had the participation of CREA SRG. The film is an international Spanish-Belgian-Dutch co-production (70% - 15% - 15%). It was shot in 2019 in between the Valencia region and the Canary Islands, primarily displaying natural landscapes of the islands of La Palma and La Gomera. Release. The film was screened at the 24th Malaga Film Festival (FCME) on 11 June 2021. It was theatrically released in Spain on 17 September 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021278 Andriy Viktorovych Zadorozhny Andriy Viktorovych Zadorozhny (born May 21, 1968, in Kyiv) is a Ukrainian lawyer and human rights activist. People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 9th convocation from the Servant of the People. Biography. Candidate for People's Deputies from the Servant of the People party in the 2019 parliamentary elections, No. 119 on the list. At the time of the election: Director of Proxen Law Firm, non-partisan, living in Kyiv. He graduated from the Faculty of International Law at the Institute of International Relations of the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, obtained the qualification of an international lawyer and English translator. Member of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Committee on Environmental Policy and Nature Management. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021300 Jabbar Raisani Jabbar Raisani is an American director and visual effects supervisor based in Los Angeles. He won Emmy Awards in 2013 and in 2015 for visual effects Supervision in Game of Thrones. His first directoral debut was Alien Outpost. He has also directed Lost in Space (2018 TV series), Iron Man (2008 film), . Career. Jabbar started his career when he was 17 working at a visual effects studio in San Antonio, Texas. In 2004, he moved to Los Angeles and started working in Stan Winston Studio where he worked as a CG Supervisor for projects like Iron Man and Fantastic 4. Later, he worked with Robert Rodriguez as a VFX Supervisor on films like Machete (2010 film) and Predators (film). He also supervised the digital modeling of Superman's live-action suit for Zack Snyder's Man of Steel (film). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021304 List of Seychelles Twenty20 International cricketers This is a list of Seychelles Twenty20 International cricketers. In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Seychelles and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be eligible for T20I status. Seychelles will play their first T20I against Ghana on 16 October 2021 during the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup Africa Qualifier. This list comprises all members of the Seychelles cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021342 Levshinka, Kursk Oblast, selo Levshinka () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Apoka River (a left tributary of the Seym), 35 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 70 km south-west of Kursk, 13 km south-west of the district center - the town Lgov, 6 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Levshinka has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Levshinka is located 10 km from the road of regional importance (Kursk - Lgov - Rylsk - border with Ukraine), 2 km from the road (Lgov - Sudzha), on the road of intermunicipal significance (38K-024 - Levshinka), 7 km from the nearest railway halt "Kolontayevka" (railway line 322 km - Lgov I). The rural locality is situated 78 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 137 km from Belgorod International Airport and 279 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021345 Jacqueline Hedwall Jacqueline Ingrid Hedwall (born 13 May 1989) is a Swedish professional golfer and caddie who played briefly on the Ladies European Tour (LET). As an amateur, she won the Junior Solheim Cup, the European Girls' Team Championship, and the European Ladies' Team Championship (twice) together with her twin sister, Caroline Hedwall. Early years and amateur career. Hedwall started to play golf at age eight, living in Taby outside Stockholm, Sweden, and moved with her family to Loddekopinge at age 15. She has a fraternal twin sister, Caroline Hedwall, who is an accomplished professional golfer that has played in the Solheim Cup four times. Hedwall enjoyed a successful amateur career and was on the National Team. At the 2007 Junior Solheim Cup, the Hedwall sisters both played on the winning European team. The Hedwall twins were also part of the winning Swedish teams at the 2007 European Girls' Team Championship, and at the 2008 and 2010 European Ladies' Team Championship. Hedwall was runner up at the Swedish Junior Strokeplay Championship in 2006 and 2007, losing a playoff for the title to her sister in 2006. She was a semi-finalist at the British Ladies Amateur in 2008, where her sister was a finalist. She was runner-up at the 2008 Helen Holm Scottish Women's Open Championship and had the best round of the closing day, a bogey-free, eight-birdie round of 67 at Royal Troon for a total 216, three strokes ahead of her sister at 219. She did not join her sister in winning the 2008 Espirito Santo Trophy, having been edged out of the three-man team by future major winners Pernilla Lindberg and Anna Nordqvist. Making a few starts on the Swedish Golf Tour as an amateur, she was runner-up at the 2007 Ekerum Ladies Masters one stroke behind Marianne Skarpnord and runner-up at the 2008 Telenor Masters at Barseback, two strokes behind her sister. The SEK 60,000 first prize check at the Telenor Masters went to third placed Sarah Heath, England, as the Hedwall twins were amateurs. Hedwall also finished second at the 2010 Swedish PGA Championship after losing a playoff to Johanna Johansson. Hedwall accepted a golf scholarship to Louisiana State University in 2008, unlike her sister who turned down LSU to attend Oklahoma State. In 2009, she was LSWA Freshman of the Year, and she helped lead the LSU Tigers team to two consecutive third place finishes in the NCAA Women's Golf Championships in 2011 and 2012. Professional career. Hedwall turned professional in 2012 and earned conditional status for the 2013 Ladies European Tour where she made three cuts in six starts, with a best finish of T22 at the Lalla Meryem Cup. After a stint on the ALPG Tour she retired from tournament golf in early 2014. She caddied regularly for her sister between 2011 and 2015, including at the 2011 Solheim Cup, where she helped her sister win the cup for Europe for the first time since 2003. Amateur wins. Source: Team appearances. Amateur Sources: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021356 Belanitsa Belanitsa (Bulgarian: Belanitsa, ) is a village in western Bulgaria. It is located in Oblast Pernik, Obshtina Radomir. Geography. The village of Belanitsa is located in the lowest part of the Radomir field: The village of Priboy is nearby. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021366 Niousha Noor Niousha Noor (Persian:nywsh nwr born: Niousha Jafarian) is a Los Angeles-based Iranian American actress. Her father is the acclaimed cinematographer Hossein Jafarian. Niousha has appeared in numerous TV Shows and films, including playing Donya on HBO's Here and Now (2018 TV series). In 2020, Noor starred opposite 2016 Cannes Best Actor Award winner, Shahab Hosseini in IFC's psychological thriller The Night (2020 film), which made history as the first U.S.-produced film to receive a license for a theatrical release in Iran since the 1979 revolution. The Night had its world premiere at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival in 2020. Her performance as Neda garnered her widespread critical acclaim. In September 2021, Niousha was announced as a principle cast member of New Netflix series Jigsaw (upcoming TV series), alongside Giancarlo Esposito, Paz Vega and Rufus Sewell. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021367 Ricky Hill (politician) Ricky Hill is an American politician and banker serving as a member of the Arkansas Senate from the 29th district. He assumed office on June 19, 2018. Early life and education. A native of Lonoke County, Arkansas, Hill graduated from Cabot High School. He earned a Master of Science degree in agriculture business and economics from Arkansas State University. Career. From 2002 to 2012, Hill was the vice president of First Security Bank. He has since worked as executive vice president of Bank OZK. Hill was elected to the Arkansas Senate in a June 2018 special election after Eddie Joe Williams resigned to take a position in the Trump administration. Since 2018, Hill has served as vice chair of the Senate Agriculture, Forestry and Economic Development Committee. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021388 Man Jhala Bajind Man Jhala Bajind is a Marathi Romance Drama television serial which is telecasted on Zee Marathi channel. It is directed by Aniket Sane and written by Tejpal Wagh. It stars Shweta Kharat and Vaibhav Chavan in lead roles. The serial is produced by Tejpal Wagh and Saroj Wagh under the banner of Waghoba Productions. It premiered on 23 August 2021 and aired from Mon-Sat at 7 pm by replacing Karbhari Laybhari. Plot. The story revolves around the love story of a couple called Raya and Krishna. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021397 Marthelise Eersel Marthelise Eersel is a Surinamese civil servant and physician. Previously the director of the Ministry of Health, she was director of the Suriname COVID-19 Crisis Management Team from July 2020 to May 2021. Education and career. Eersel trained as a physician at the University of Suriname. She also completed a Master of Science in Public Health (MSPH) at Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine in 1989. She has taught public health and biostatistics at the Institute for Graduate Studies #amp; Research of the Anton de Kom University in Public Health, and was a director at the Ministry of Health. She represented Suriname on the WHO Executive Board. In July 2020, Eersel succeeded Cleopatra Jessurun as director of the national COVID-19 Crisis Management Team. She served in this position until May 2021. In 2020, the Marthelise Eersel Center was established in Nickerie. This medical centre, which specialises in treating chronically-ill patients, is a government agency as part of the One Stop Shop (OSS) Foundation. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021399 Lanzelot Lanzelot is a 1969 opera by Paul Dessau to a libretto by Heiner Muller and Ginka Tsholakova. It premiered 19 December 1969. It was revived in 2019 in Weimar. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021438 Phosphine telluride A phosphine telluride refers to organophosphorus compounds with the formula R3PTe (R = alkyl or aryl). They are structurally analogous to phosphine oxides, phosphine sulfides, and phosphine selenides. Unlike other members of this series, the phosphine tellurides are labile with respect to loss of the chalcogen. Nonetheless, several members have been characterized by X-ray crystallography, which reveals a tetrahedral phosphorus center with a P-Te bond length of 236 picometers. Most are colorless solids. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021439 Baer (car) Motorenfabrik Paul Baer GmbH was a German engine and automobile manufacturer. The company was founded in Berlin 1908 to make engines which were supplied to several early automobile manufacturers. Between 1920 and 1926, a small car was built there under the brand Baer. The 4/14 hp car was powered by a 770cc two-cylinder two-stroke engine. One of the vehicle took part in the small car race at the AVUS in Berlin in 1923. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021454 Francesco Antonazzi Francesco Antonazzi (6 May 1924 - 25 February 1995) was an Italian footballer. He played in more than 250 matches for S.S. Lazio between 1946 and 1956. He was also part of Italy's squad for the football tournament at the 1948 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in any matches. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021486 S.C.F. Quarnero Societa Cultura Fisica Quarnero (in Croatian "Sportsko Drustvo Kvarner") was a Fiume-based football club, the restructured U.S. Fiumana under the new sport rules formed socialist state of Yugoslavia, and the predecessor to today's HNK Rijeka. In 1948 it was renamed to Club Calcio Quarnero (in Croatian "NK Kvarner") and was in 1954 to NK Rijeka. History. Quarnero was created on the 29th of July 1946 as the successor to the previous municipal-owned representative club of Rijeka, U.S. Fiumana, a brand name at the time considered by communist compromised by playing in the Italian football championships during the fascist regime. The new name followed the more geographic naming conventions requested to local councils by the central authorities in Belgrade in order to approve the reestablishment of the local sport club activities and to participate in competitions. All sport and football clubs in Yugoslavia got formally disbanded in 1945 and almost all rebranded with more ideologically-sounding names. Fiume and the whole B Zone of the Julian march being at the time still legally a part of Italy and formally under Jugoslav military administration, was not subject to these laws. Fiumana's management, players, supporters, headquarters and stadium simply continued under the new city club brand Quarnero. The club played a first home game under the new name against Hajduk Split, beating it 2-0 with goals from Petroni and Nori. Like all other clubs in the new state, has several sports sections added to it, 11 of them, some of which have achieved solid results in various fields: in boxing, fencing, basketball and tennis. International tennis champion Orlando Sirola started his career in Quarnero, before his exile. The football club with the new name was then invited to participate in the first edition of the Jugoslav football league in '46-'47 as an external guest representative of the occupied Zone B of the Julian March region, but only after a play-off with the Pula-based club Unione Sportiva Operaia. But at the end of the season the club was forced out of the league due to Belgrade's political decision to favour of Ponziana, who finished the season two places behind Rijeka, due to the propaganda need to keep Triest inhabitants interested Yugoslav football in a time when Jugoslavia's grip on the city was eroding. When Rijeka got finally assigned by allies to Jugoslavia in February 1947 and Tito also broke all ties with Stalin in 1948, most Jugoslav clubs underwent a further reorganization of their sport activities. In 1948 Quarnero thus was allowed to become once again a purely all-football club, and the name was consequently modified into "Club Calcio Quarnero / Nometni Klub Kvarner." The club continued to play with mixed results in the second and third leagues of Yugoslav football. The club display worse and worse results over the next ten years concurrently to Rijeka's autochthonous population slowly leaving their hometown over the years. Consequently also the club was bleeding many of its best players year in year out, because many opted to leave Yugoslavia and move overseas. In 1954, following rising ethnic tensions around the Triest Crisis and the subsequent elimination of all forms of bilingualism in the city, paired with a desire to have a brand more recognizable and associated the club was further renamed into "NK Rijeka". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021493 Glauco Vanz Glauco Vanz (4 March 1920 - 28 September 1986) was an Italian footballer. He played in more than 180 matches for Bologna between 1938 and 1952. He was also part of Italy's squad for the football tournament at the 1948 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in any matches. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021506 Levshinka, Kursk Oblast Levshinka () is a rural locality () in Vyshnederevensky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Lgovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population: Geography. The village is located on the Malaya Loknya River (a left tributary of the Loknya in the Psel basin), 26 km from the Russia-Ukraine border, 72 km south-west of Kursk, 23 km south of the district center - the town Lgov, 13 km from the selsoviet center - Vyshniye Derevenki. Levshinka has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Koppen climate classification). Transport. Levshinka is located 20 km from the road of regional importance (Kursk - Lgov - Rylsk - border with Ukraine), 1.5 km from the road (Lgov - Sudzha), 2 km from the nearest (closed) railway halt "Anastasyevka" (railway line Lgov I -- Podkosylev). The rural locality is situated 79 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 128 km from Belgorod International Airport and 279 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021510 The Longer Bodies The Longer Bodies is a 1930 mystery detective novel by the British writer Gladys Mitchell. It is the third in her long-running series featuring the psychoanalyst and amateur detective Mrs Bradley. Synopsis. In order to see which her relatives deserves to inherit her considerable fortune, an old lady stages a mini-Olympics in which they compete in various events. When the body of a local villager is found on the training grounds the police arrive, followed by the very persistent Mrs Bradley. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021513 Genetic Non-Discrimination Act The Genetic Non-Discrimination Act of 2017, also known as Bill S-201 during the 2nd Session of the 41st Parliament of Canada and the 1st Session of the 42nd Parliament of Canada, originated in a Private Member's Bill. It was introduced by Senators James Cowan and Jennifer O'Connell. The Act was designed to prevent, on the basis of genetics, discrimination which might "come in the form of unfair insurance practices, being passed over for a promotion, and even being fired. Unfortunately, there are a number of documented cases of genetic discrimination in Canada." Content and interpretation. The Act has heads of "Interpretation" and "Prohibitions" and "Offences and Punishment". The contravening party can be punished by up to a $1,000,000 fine and by up to a five-year prison sentence. The definition of a genetic test by this legislation is "a test that analyzes DNA, RNA or chromosomes for purposes such as the prediction of disease or vertical transmission risks, or monitoring, diagnosis or prognosis." In the media. The "Globe and Mail" published an opinion piece upon passage of the Act in 2017 by their in-house healthcare analyst Andre Picard in which he said the "Anti-genetic-discrimination bill is little more than virtue signalling". In the Supreme Court. In spring 2020, the Supreme Court of Canada upheld the law by a 5-4 margin, in a case originating when in 2018 the Attorney-General of Quebec asked the province's Court of Appeal to overturn the law because he held that it was an invalid expression of the exclusive federal power under s. 91(27) of the Constitution Act 1867 to regulate criminal matters. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021516 Hakan Demir (politician) Hakan Demir (born 16 November 1984) is a German politician from the Social Democratic Party who was elected Member of the Bundestag for the constituency of Berlin Neukolln in 2021 federal election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021517 Francis Newbolt Sir Francis George Newbolt K.C. FCS (21 November 1863 - 5 December 1940) was a British barrister, judge, etcher and writer. He was the Recorder of Doncaster between 1916-1920, and the Official Referee for the Supreme Court between 1920-1936, as well as being Chancellor of the Diocese of Exeter and Bradford and Chairman of the Devon Quarter Session. He was the first honorary Professor of Law at the Royal Academy of Arts. Early life. Newbolt was born in Bilston, Wolverhampton, son of the vicar of St Mary's Church, the Rev. Henry Francis Newbolt (1824-1866), and his second wife, Emily nee Stubbs (1838-1921). He was the younger brother to poet Sir Henry Newbolt. He was educated at Clifton College, and later at Balliol College, Oxford where he read Natural Science (Chemistry) obtaining honours in 1887. Legal career. Newbolt went onto read law with Sir Thomas Chitty, 1st Baronet, his brother-in-law. He was invited to join the Bar at Inner Temple in 1890 before gaining his silks in 1914. One of his first cases was representing the plaintiff, John William Phillips, landlord of Hoy and Helmet, South Benfleet against the Marquis of Queensberry in the High Court. During the First World War he was an honorary legal advisor to the British government. In 1916 he was appointed the Recorder of Doncaster, a position he held until 1920. In 1919 he was elected Chairman of the Devon Quarter Session. In 1920 he was made the Official Referee for the Supreme Court by the Lord Chancellor F. E. Smith, 1st Earl of Birkenhead. In 1923, Newbolt recommended that medical evidence should be used in paternity cases due to the issue of perjury. He stated that a defendant and that His recommendations were not taken forward at the time due to the limitations in medical science. However, Newbolt's innovation in micro caseflow management, now called Newbolt's Scheme, was at first rejected by the Lord Chancellor Birkenhead, before being seen more favourably by Lord Birkenhead's successor and continued by Newbolt's successors as Official Referee. Newbolt described the system, Newbolt retired from the post in 1936. In 1939, Newbolt represented Jacob Epstein at a military tribune as part of T. E. Hulme's campaign to stop him being called up. The artist. Newbolt was a talented engraver. He was a regular exhibitor at the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers, which he was an associate member and the society's historian, and various major art exhibitions. Newbolt regularly displayed his etchings at the Royal Academy of Art. His work exhibited included "The Funeral" in 1921, "Barton Broad" in 1923, "Taormina" in 1929 and "Treworan Bridge" in 1930. Newbolt was elected as a member of the Art Workers' Guild in 1907. The British Museum hold 36 of Newbolt's etchings. The writer. Newbolt was the first editor of the journal of the Land Agent's Society. Newbolt started writing under a pseudonym Bradnock Hall, with a novel "Rough Mischance" in 1896 and "Fish Tales and some true ones" in 1897. Newbolt first book under his own name was released in 1897. "The Sale of Goods Act 1893" was a review of the act and its use in law. He released the book "Clifton College twenty-five years ago: the diary of a fag" in 1904 and "Clifton College forty years ago" in 1927 under the pseudonym Diary of a Praepostor. His next books were essays on the history of etchings, with "Etchings of Van Dyck" released in 1906, "Etchings of William Strang, A.R.A." in 1907 and "Catalogue dresse" in 1908, a catalogue of Frank Brangwyn's engraved work. He would go onto provide articles for publications on etchers, including "The etchings of E.M. Synge A.R.E." for the in 1914 and "Etchings of Fred V.Burridge" in 1908 for The Studio. Under Bradnock Hall he released the 1910 book "Norwegian and other fish-tales" which included his own illustrations. His book "Summary procedure in the High Court" was released in 1914. In 1915, he worked with his brother Sir Henry John Newbolt on the book "The King's Highway". In 1925 he wrote "Out of Court" where he attacked Anthony Trollope and his novel Orley Farm for his inaccuracies in the procedure of law. The book had come out of his lecture in 1923 at Grays Inn. His writings were challenged by American lawyer Henry Drinker, but he did not respond. Newbolt contributed articles to the Art Journal, to the Law Quarterly Review, and The Listener. In 1926 he released a book of his poetry along with a collection of his etchings called "The Enchanted Wood". In 1930 he released "The history of the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers #amp; Engravers, 1880-1940", the official history at the time. Other career areas. In 1910 Newbolt stood for the Liberal Party in the parliamentary constituency of Chertsey. Newbolt continued his love of science, delivering over 1000 lectures to school children. Newbolt was Chancellor of the Diocese of Exeter and Bradford. In 1921, The Church Times criticised Newbolt's decision on a crucifix case. Honours. Newbolt was elected as a Fellow of the Chemical Society in 1895. In 1919, Newbolt was made an honorary member of the Land Agent's Society, and was made a Knight of the Realm for his voluntary work as a legal advisor during the First World War. He was the president of the Norwegian Society from 1920 to 1926. Newbolt was elected as the Master of the Art Workers' Guild in 1927. The Royal Academy of Arts made Newbolt the first Honorary Professor of Law in 1928. In 1932 he was made the Master of the Worshipful Company of Clockmakers, where he had previously been deputy master. Personal life and death. Newbolt was a keen salmon and trout fisherman. He married Alice Clara Franck Bright in 1889 and they had four daughters. They lived in Aylesbeare in Devon. Lady Newbolt died in 1934 at the age of 67 leaving Newbolt a widow. Newbolt himself died on 7 December 1940. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021537 2020 Sunoco 159 The 2020 Sunoco 159 was the 12th stock car race of the 2020 NASCAR Gander RV #amp; Outdoors Truck Series season and the inaugural running of the event, after the scheduled race, the M#amp;M's 200 at Iowa Speedway, had to be replaced due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The race was held on Sunday, August 16, 2020 in Daytona Beach, Florida at the Daytona International Speedway road course, a permanent road course. The race was extended from the scheduled 44 laps to 46 laps due to a NASCAR overtime finish. At race's end, Sheldon Creed of GMS Racing would pull away on the final restart to win the race, the 2nd NASCAR Gander RV #amp; Outdoors Truck Series win of his career and the 2nd of the season. To fill the podium, Brett Moffitt of GMS Racing and Austin Hill of Hattori Racing Enterprises would finish 2nd and 3rd, respectively. On July 30, it was revealed after simulation testing revealed concerns of high speeds entering turn 1 (a turn already considered to be difficult among road racers), a temporary chicane was added in between the 4th turn of the oval and the entrance to pit road (similar to the Charlotte ROVAL). NASCAR further announced that it would use the high-downforce aero package used for the road course races in 2019 (in 2020, road courses were scheduled to use a low-downforce package similar to what was used in 2018 and what is used on ovals 1-mile or shorter in 2020). The addition of the chicane increased the length of the course from 3.56 to 3.61 miles and added a 13th and 14th turn to the original 12-turn layout. Starting lineup. A new metric qualifying system was placed starting for the Daytona Road Course weekend. To determine the spots, new performance metrics would be weighted and averaged to determine a score. The metrics would be 50% on the finishing position from last race, 35% on team owner's points, and 15% on the fastest lap. As a result, Zane Smith of GMS Racing would win the pole. Race results. Stage 1 Laps: 12 Stage 2 Laps: 13 Stage 3 Laps: 21 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021553 Marie-Alphonse Sonnois Etienne-Marie-Alphonse Sonnois, born in Lamargelle (Saint-Seine-l'Abbaye) in the Cote-d'Or in eastern France, died in Cambrai within the Hauts-de-France region on the Scheldt river, was a French Catholic bishop, bishop of Saint-Die from 1889 to 1893 then archbishop of Cambrai de 1893 to 1913. Early life. Born to a doctor father named Francois who joined Saint-Seine-l'Abbaye when Sonnois was still very young, he belongs to a family which gave several of his children to the Church. His brother Joseph-Emile-Alphonse, born on December 20, 1830 graduated from Ecole speciale militaire de Saint-Cyr and after taking part in numerous battles including the Crimean War, he became head general of the 16th Dividion of the Infantry and was later named Commandeur of the Legion D'Honneur on December 28, 1889. Another brother, Gustave-Eugene, was commander of the 6th brigade of infantry (Beauvais and Amiens) and was made Officier of the Legion D'Honneur on July 5, 1888. Priesthood. He was ordained a priest on October 3, 1852, for the diocese of Dijon. He first taught philosophy at the Grand Seminary of Dijon, then he was appointed pastor in various parishes of the diocese: Jouey, Santenay, then Auxonne. Bishop of Saint-Die. Appointed Bishop of Saint-Die on December 21, 1889, Mgr Sonnois received the canonical investiture of Pope Leo XIII on December 30 of the same year. He was consecrated bishop on March 19, 1890, by the future cardinal Victor-Lucien-Sulpice Lecot, then bishop of Dijon. He entered Saint-Die on April 16, 1890. Sonnois was described as a discreet and benevolent man who strived to visit his entire diocese. However, he had to face difficulties with the government following the opposition of his vicars general to Minister Jules Ferry, elected from Saint-Die. He relaunched the work of the Jeanne-d'Arc church at the in Domremy and encouraged pilgrimages there by entrusting the church to the Eudists (Congregation of Jesus and Mary) who collected the necessary funds throughout France for the continued construction of the future basilica. Archbishop of Cambrai. By decree of November 26, 1892, Mgr Sonnois was appointed Archbishop of Cambrai, he received the canonical investiture of the Holy See on January 19, 1893. He had to face in his new diocese the opposition between a powerful patronage and priests attentive to workers' misery and marked by social Catholicism, the most famous of which was Father Jules Auguste Lemire, deputy for Hazebrouck. Sonnois' pastoral activity led him to crown Notre-Dame de Grace in Cambrai and Notre-Dame du Saint-Cordon in Valenciennes. He also built the Joan of Arc school in Lille, led the foundation of the Ecole Saint-Joseph in Solesmes and founded the Notre-Dame de Grace college in Cambrai. Deeply marked by the application of the 1905 French law on the Separation of the Churches and the State, he gradually lost his faculties and left the administration of his diocese to Bishop , coadjutor since 1906. He died on February 7, 1913. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021562 Sandra Detzer Sandra Detzer (born 21 April 1980) is a German politician of the Alliance 90/The Greens who has been serving as Member of the Bundestag since the 2021 elections, representing the Ludwigsburg district. Early life and education. Detzer was born in Munich as the daughter of a dentist and a teacher and graduated from high school there in 1999. She then studied political science and economics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich from 1999 to 2005. From 2006 to 2010, she completed her doctorate at the University of Heidelberg on the topic of fiscal decentralization in Germany's federal states. She subsequently worked as a research assistant to Uwe Wagschal on the topic of the consolidation of government budgets. Early career. From 2011 until 2016, Detzer worked as advisor on financial and economic policy to the Green Party's parliamentary group at the State Parliament of Baden-Wurttemberg. Political career. Career in state politics. From 2016 to 2021, Detzer co-chaired the Green Party in Baden-Wurttemberg, alongside Oliver Hildenbrand. Under her leadership, the board decided on the expulsion of Boris Palmer from the party in 2021. In the negotiations to form a coalition government under the leadership of Minister-President of Baden-Wurttemberg Winfried Kretschmann following the 2021 state elections, Detzer led her party's delegation in the working group on climate, environmental policy and energy; her co-chair from the CDU was Andreas Jung. Member of the German Parliament, 2021-present. In parliament, Detzer has been serving on the Finance Committee and the Committee on Economic Affairs since 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021575 Dorrit Jacob Dorrit E. Jacob is a German-born Australian geochemist. She is the first woman to serve as Director of the Research School of Earth Sciences at the Australian National University (ANU) where she is a full professor. Jacob completed her undergraduate studies in mineralogy and geology at the University of Mainz, Germany. She moved to the Georg-August University in University of Gottingen from which she received a Dr. rer. nat., while her PhD thesis work was performed at the Max-Planck Institute for Chemistry. Jacob was awarded the Heisenberg Chair in Biomineralisation at the University of Mainz in 2012. In 2013 Jacob moved to Australia where she took up an ARC future fellowship at Macquarie University to study the formation of bivalve shells and pearls and how they are used to reconstruct past records of climate change. Her areas of research include biomineralisation, and diamond formation. As of 2020 she leads the Biominerals as Environment Archives project at the ANU. In May 2021 Jacob was elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science. As of 2020 she is a full professor at the Australian National University, having joined ANU at the end of 2020. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021578 Indivisible (radio program) Indivisible was a political radio program hosted in 2017 during the beginnings of Donald Trump's presidency. The show was produced by WNYC Studios, KNOW-FM, and "The Economist". Background. The radio show featured call-in discussions four nights a week throughout Donald Trump's first one hundred days as President of the United States. Charlie Sykes, the conservative host, would host the show on Wednesday nights. Kai Wright discussed topics that built on the themes established in "The United States of Anxiety". Kerri Miller hosts the show on Thursday nights to discuss American identity. Similar shows include "Code Switch", "Pod Save the World", and "Slate Political Gabfest". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021580 Berende, Pernik Province Berende (Bulgarian: Berende) is a village in western Bulgaria. Its located in Oblast Pernik, Obshtina Zemen. Geography. The village of Berende is located in a mountainous area. It is located in the mountain of Cherna gora, about 2 km west of Mount Tumba 1129 meters. History. The village is one of the two settlements in Bulgaria bearing this name. The other village named Berende and another with a similar Berende spring ca in the municipality of Dragoman. In antiquity the region was inhabited by various tribes, whose main livelihoods were cattle breeding and mining. During the early Middle Ages, Bulgarians settled in this area, replacing the old population. The region was included in the Bulgarian state in 809, when Sofia was conquered by Khan Krum. After 1011, the region fell under Byzantine rule, along with the conquest of the Pernik fortress, protected by Krakra of Pernik. It was briefly liberated during the uprisings of Peter Delyan in 1040-41 and Georgi Voiteh in 1071-72. In 1084, about 80,000 Pechenegs, also known as Black Bulgarians, crossed the Danube and entered the Byzantine Empire, trying to torn away the Bulgarian lands under their rule. The Byzantine troops defeated the Pechenegs and their Berendei tribe settled around today's Sofia, they were baptized in Orthodoxy and joined the local Bulgarians. Only 5 years after the restoration of Bulgarian independence in 1185 under Tsar Assen I in 1190. After the Ottoman invasion in the 14th century, the population of the surrounding plains retreated to the mountains, where they enjoyed significantly less pressure from the enslavers. Migrants from Pirot, Razmetanitsa, the valley of South Morava and from the Skopje region and Zhegligovo settled in the region. After the Liberation of Bulgaria began the gradual emigration of people to more flat places, where there is free agricultural land and to the cities, which attract with work in industry and administration and new housing. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021599 List of Switzerland Twenty20 International cricketers This is a list of Swiss Twenty20 International cricketers. In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Switzerland and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be eligible for T20I status. Switzerland will play their first T20I against Gibraltar on 22 October 2021 during the 2021 Valletta Cup. This list comprises all members of the Switzerland cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021608 Holy Trinity Barbecue Holy Trinity Barbecue (sometimes Holy Trinity BBQ) was a barbecue restaurant in Portland, Oregon. Description. Holy Trinity operated from a food cart on Powell Boulevard parking lot in southeast Portland's Creston-Kenilworth neighborhood. The menu included Texas-style brisket, Czech sausages, and ribs. Sides included cheesy grits and pickles. History. Pitmaster Kyle Rensmeyer opened Holy Trinity in 2019. The business initially operated on weekends, and expanded to Thursday and Friday service in August 2019. Rensmeyer closed the food cart for two days during a heat wave in July 2021, resulting in a loss of $7,000. In October 2021, he confirmed plans to close in October 23. Reception. In 2019, Holy Trinity was a finalist in the Food Cart of the Year category of "Eater Portland" Eater Awards. The website's Brooke Jackson-Glidden said, "Portland is already spoiled on the barbecue front; it didn't need another hardcore talent with a smoker. But the Texas barbecue at Jojo's neighbor, Holy Trinity, is far better than it needs to be, with gorgeous brisket, well-seasoned sausages, and knockout green-chile-cheese grits." Additionally, Jackson-Glidden named Rensmeyer a "rising star" in the city's food and drink scene. In 2021, Jackson-Glidden and Nick Woo included Holy Trinity in "Eater Portland" list of "15 Outstanding Portland Food Carts". Jackson-Glidden also included Holy Trinity in the site's 2021 list of "The 38 Essential Restaurants and Food Carts in Portland". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021620 Aaron Donkor Aaron Donkor (born March 21, 1995) is a German professional American football linebacker for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Arkansas State and was signed by the Seahawks as part of the International Player Pathway Program in 2021. Early life and education. Donkor was born on March 21, 1995, in Aachen, Germany. He grew up in Gottingen playing basketball, before later returning to Aachen to play professional football in 2016. In 2017, Donkor moved to United States to play college football. He spent his first two years at New Mexico Military Institute, appearing in eight games as a freshman. As a sophomore, Donkor recorded 27 tackles, despite playing just four games. He also made 11.5 sacks that season. He transferred to the Division I Arkansas State University as a junior in 2019. Playing in six games, Donkor made 25 tackles. The 2020 season was cancelled due to COVID-19. Professional career. Germany. As a 21-year old in 2016, Donkor played professional football in Germany's top league for the Dusseldorf Panther. He led the German Football League that year with 14 sacks, 74 tackles, and 20-for-loss. United States. In 2021, Donkor was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as part of the International Player Pathway Program (IPPP). Though 26 years old as a National Football League (NFL) rookie, he "made a strong impression" in training camp. He was placed on the international/exempt list to start the season. He signed a reserve/future contract with the Seahawks on January 10, 2022. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021627 Sandown Town Hall Sandown Town Hall is a municipal building in Grafton Street, Sandown, Isle of Wight, England. The structure, which was the meeting place of Sandown Urban District Council, is a Grade II listed building. History. Following their appointment in 1866, the local board of health decided to commission a new civic building for the town: the site they selected was open land on the east side of Grafton Street. The new building was designed by the local architect, Thomas Dowell, in the neoclassical style, built in ashlar stone at a cost of PS1,278 and was completed in 1869. The design involved an asymmetrical main frontage with six bays facing onto Grafton Street; the right hand section of three bays featured a doorway with a wrought-iron canopy flanked by sash windows with segmental pediments. The first floor was also fenestrated by sash windows, the central window bearing a triangular pediment and the outer windows bearing segmental pediments. The windows were flanked by full-height Doric order columns supporting an entablature and a pediment with the Prince of Wales's feathers and the inscription "Town Hall 1869" in the tympanum. The left hand section of two bays featured round headed windows on the ground floor and segmental windows on the first floor flanked by full-height pilasters supporting an open pediment with an oculus in the tympanum. The central section featured a doorway with a fanlight, a keystone and a pediment on the ground floor and two square headed windows on the first floor; the central section was surmounted by a dentiled cornice and a parapet. Internally, the principal room was the main hall with capacity for 520 people. A fire station was completed on an adjacent site to the south of the town hall in 1879. Following significant growth in the population, largely associated with the fishing industry, the area became an urban district with the town hall as its headquarters in 1894. The building was also used as an events venue by Sandown Amateur Operatic and Dramatic Society which was founded just before the First World War. The town hall continued to serve as the headquarters of Sandown Urban District Council and, from 1933, of the Sandown-Shanklin Urban District Council but ceased to be the local seat of government when the council relocated to Shanklin Town Hall in the 1940s. However, Sandown Town Hall continued to be used as an events venue and in the mid-1960s performers included the soul band, Jimmy James and the Vagabonds. Following implementation of the Local Government Act 1972, ownership of the building passed to South Wight District Council in 1974. It was then acquired by Isle of Wight County Council in 1982, before being transferred to the new unitary authority, Isle of Wight Council in 1995. The building was adapted for occupation as an indoor bowls centre for senior citizens and later as a youth centre and the latter use continued until the building was vacated in June 2017. Although Sandown Town Council considered using the town hall as its principal meeting place, the town council chose instead to redevelop the Broadway Centre in 2018. A local art curator, Simon Avery, suggested, in July 2020, that the town hall may contain murals by the Victorian artist, Henry Tooth. However, Isle of Wight Council decided, in March 2021, to grant planning permission to convert the building for residential use and then, in September 2021, decided to sell the building to a developer. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021647 Adis Ahmetovic Adis Ahmetovic (; ; born 27 July 1993) is a German politician of Bosnian descent. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany and a Member of the Bundestag. Biography. Ahmetovic's parents are from Bosnia and Herzegovina. During the Yugoslav Wars, they fled to Hannover in 1992, where Adis Ahmetovic was born in 1993. His father Fuad, who had previously worked as an administrative lawyer in Kotor Varos, became a construction worker in Germany and later a warehouse clerk, his mother Edina worked as a cleaner. At the age of 22, Ahmetovic became a German citizen and gave up his Bosnian passport. In addition to German, he also speaks the Bosnian language. In 2011, Ahmetovic graduated from Herschel School in Hannover and obtained his Abitur. At Leibniz University Hannover, he studied teaching politics, economics and German studies. During his studies he received a scholarship from the Friedrich Ebert Foundation. In 2019 he completed his studies obtaining the degree Master of Education. During his studies in 2013, Ahmetovic worked as a research assistant for Kerstin Tack, a member of the Bundestag. In 2015, Ahmetovic became head of Mustafa Erkan's office, a former SPD member and member of the Lower Saxon Landtag, previously Ahmetovic worked there as a research assistant in the office. From 2016 to 2020 he worked as an office manager and later as a personal advisor to Minister President of Lower Saxony and Chairman of the Lower Saxon SPD, Stephan Weil. Since 2020 he has been working as a consultant for government planning and fundamental issues in the Lower Saxon State Chancellery. Ahmetovic is unmarried, does not practice any religion and lives in Hannover-Bothfeld. Politics. Adis Ahmetovic joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany in 2008. He was chairman of the Young Socialists in the SPD in the Hannover Region from 2014 to 2018 and has been one of the two leaders of the SPD Hannover since 2020. In the 2016 Lower Saxon local elections, Ahmetovic was elected to the District Council of Bothfeld-Vahrenheide. In the 2021 German federal election, Ahmetovic won the constituency of Stadt Hannover I. Ahmetovic aims to invest more in education, better care and cheaper housing. He would like to fight climate change by introducing a 365-euro ticket. He also wants to strengthen Hannover as a work location. He is "very loyal" to the state of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and would like to be "Germany's strong voice for Bosnia and Herzegovina" in the Bundestag. For example, he advocates a rapid accession of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the European Union. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021649 Vitor Leque Vitor Benedito Leque da Silva (born 19 January 2001), known as Vitor Leque, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as forward for Cruzeiro, on loan from Atletico Goianiense. Club career. Born in Cuiaba, Mato Grosso, Vitor Leque joined Atletico Goianiense's youth setup in 2020, after representing Internacional, Sao Luis-GO and Betis. He made his first team debut on 8 March of that year, coming on as a second-half substitute for Matheus Vargas in a 1-0 Campeonato Goiano away win against Goiania. In 2020, Vitor Leque renewed his contract until 2025. He made his Serie A debut on 20 January 2021, replacing Wellington Rato and scoring his team's third in a 3-1 away win over Botafogo. On 23 March 2021, Vitor Leque joined Cruzeiro on loan until the end of the year, initially for the under-20 squad. Honours. Atletico Goianiense 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021659 History of Berliner FC Dynamo (1989-2004) FC Berlin and decline (1989-2001). The Peaceful Revolution (1989-1990). The 1989-90 season would be tumultuous. Frank Pastor was transferred to BSG Aktivist Schwarze Pumpe in Hoyerswerda at the start of the season. BFC Dynamo had qualified for the 1989-90 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup as winners of the 1988-89 FDGB-Pokal. The team defeated Valur in the first round, but was eliminated by AS Monaco in the second round. Coach Helmut Jaschke decided to give young goalkeeper Oskar Kosche a chance in the upcoming match against HFC Chemie in the 1989-90 FDGB-Pokal on 4 November 1989. The club's long-time goalkeeper Bodo Rudwaleit then announced that he was retiring from football and was no longer available. The East German regime faltered under pressure from events in neighboring countries, thousands of East Germans leaving or applying to leave the country, and political mass demonstrations. Erich Honecker was forced to resign on 18 October of 1989 and parts of the Berlin Wall opened on 9 November 1989. People in East Berlin could now travel freely to West Berlin. The Stasi was transformed into the Office for National Security () (AfNS) on 17 November 1989. The transformation also ended the tenure of Erich Mielke as Minister of State Security. Mielke would soon be dismissed as First chairman of SV Dynamo as well. Bayer Leverkusen manager Reiner Calmund saw the opportunity to recruit top players in East Germany as soon as the Berlin Wall fell. Calmund managed obtain the contact details of Thom in connection with the match between East Germany and Austria in Vienna in the qualifiers for the 1990 FIFA World Cup on 15 November 1989. He immediately contacted Thom in East Berlin and eventually managed to convince him to come to Bayer Leverkusen. Calmund then reached an agreement with East German officials on a transfer. Jaschke was not asked about the transfer and presented with a fait accomplit. The transfer became official on 12 December 1989. Thom thus became the first player in the Oberliga to be transferred to the Bundesliga. The transfer fee amounted to 2.5 million D-Marks. Sources in West Germany speculated that DFV would take 15 percent of the sum. Club President Herbert Krafft announced that a larger sum would also be made available to the Ministry of Health to be used to promote the next generation. BFC Dynamo was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the 1989-90 FDGB-Pokal after losing 0-2 to FC Vorwarts Frankfurt at the Stadion der Freundschaft on 1 December 1989. Bodo Rudwaleit then withdrew his decision to retire from football. He was instead transferred BSG Stahl Eisenhuttenstadt on 1 January 1990. Rainer Ernst began negotiations with Borussia Dortmund. But the negotiations were stopped by Club President Krafft, who claimed that Ernst was not in good enough shape for a transfer. The club was also contacted by MSV Duisburg who was interested in Marco Koller. The AfNS was completely dissolved on 13 January 1990 after further attempts at reorganization. The dissolution of the Stasi meant that BFC Dynamo lost a major sponsor. The organization of the club was still extensive. The club had 14 coaches and 30 full-time employees. The club would now have to look for new sources of income. Krafft had recommended himself for the post, as head of a unit within the Volkspolizei. Krafft's football knowledge was limited. Krafft was now torn between the fear of losing his job and the realization that he probably did not have the managerial skills required to market BFC Dynamo in the capitalist West. Krafft and manager () Jurgen Bogs traveled to Bremen for a course in free market economy with Werder Bremen manager Willi Lemke. FC Berlin (1990). Coach Jaschke was dismissed during the winter break 1989-1990. Peter Rohde became the new coach. SV Dynamo was dissolved in the early 1990. The East German Ministry of the Interior announced that it was only prepared to support the club financially until the end of the 1989-90 season. The fate of the club was uncertain and the sports management in East Germany considered dissolving the club. Another option that was allegedly considered was a merger with Union Berlin. The club was under a lot of pressure due to its former proximity to the Stasi. BFC Dynamo fought for its existence and club management planned to launch a concept for the preservation of the club before the end of the 1989-90 season. Abandoning the name "Dynamo" and a civil restructuring of the club was predicted to certainly be part of such a concept. BFC Dynamo was eventually rebranded as FC Berlin on 19 February 1990 in an attempt distance the club from the Stasi. The name change was made after a meeting between players, coaches, parents and supporters. Krafft was also dismissed at the same time. He was replaced by Bogs as interim president. New elections were planned to be held as soon as possible in May 1990. BFC Dynamo played friendly matches against West German teams during the winter break. The team lost 2-0 to Werder Bremen at the Sportplatz Kampfbahn in Ruhen on 10 February 1990 and then 4-0 to Dortmund at the Kampfbahn Schwansbell in Lunen on 17 February 1990. The club then participated in the first edition of the indoor tournament "Internationales Berliner Hallenfussballturnier" in the Werner-Seelenbinder-Halle on 18-20 February 1990 together with Union Berlin, Hertha, Blau-Weiss 1890 Berlin, Pogon Szczecin and Bohemians 1905 among others clubs. Legendary Hamburger SV striker Uwe Seeler was guest of honor at the tournament. The team was met by a fiercely hostile audience. The players were insulted and spat at. Demonstrators had stormed the Stasi headquarters in the locality of Lichtenberg only days before the tournament. Many spectators in the audience shouted "Stasi pigs!". FC Berlin reached the final, but lost 4-5 in extra time against Union Berlin in front of 4,400 spectators. Thomas Doll scored a total of twelve goals and became the best goal scorer in the tournament. The tournament marked the beginning of the demise of the former East German champions. The Peaceful revolution and the hatred against club made many players want to leave as soon as possible and distance themselves. Coach Peter Rohde had a hard time finding a replacement for Thom. He was also worried that he would soon lose Doll as well. Hooligans of FC Berlin rioted in Jena before the match against FC Carl Zeiss Jena on 4 April 1990. They looted shops and left a trail of destruction in the city centre. Frank Rohde signed for Hamburger SV, which had been looking for a replacement to the injured Dietmar Jakobs. Doll received many offers and initially began negotiations with Borussia Dortmund. However, Seeler was a fan of Doll. Frank Rohde told his contacts at Hamburger SV that Doll was interested and soon also Doll signed for Hamburger SV. The average attendance fell sharply in 1990. The average attendance had been 7,271 in the autumn and was only 3,383 in the spring. FC Berlin finished the 1989-90 Oberliga in fourth place and failed for the first time in a long time to qualify for a European tournament. The team lost Doll and Rohde to Hamburger SV and Rainer Ernst to 1. FC Kaiserslautern after the season. Failed promotion (1990-1994). FC Berlin had sold off almost all its offensive during the 1989-90 season. The club recruited striker Mikhail Pronichev from FC Lokomotiv Moscow and midfielder Dirk Rehbein from SC Fortuna Koln for the 1990-91 season. Pronichev was one of the first players from then still existing Soviet Union who went to play in Germany and Rehbein was the first player from West Germany to join the club. FC Berlin participated in the 1990 Intertoto Cup. The team was draw into the same group as FC Bayer 05 Uerdingen, NK Olimpija Ljubljana and Grasshopper Club Zurich. The team won two matches and finished the group on third place. FC Berlin started the 1990-91 NOFV-Oberliga season with four straight defeats. The team was defeated 4-0 away by FC Rot-Weiss Erfurt in the opening match, 1-2 home to FC Energie Cottbus in the second match day, 4-1 away to 1. FC Dynamo Dresden in the third match day and 0-3 home to F.C. Hansa Rostock in the fourth match day. The team was in last place in the league after the fourth match day. Coach Peter Rohde was dismissed and Jurgen Bogs returned as coach. FC Berlin achieved a 3-3 draw away against 1. FC Magdeburg in the first match under Bogs in the fifth match day on 15 September 1990. Dr. Dieter Fuchs became new manager of the club. He had a long background in BFC Dynamo and had been a manager at the DFV. FC Berlin met Union Berlin in the second round of the 1990-91 FDGB Cup at Stadion an der Alten Forsterei on 21 September 1990. The team lost 1-2 after a late goal in extra time for Union Berlin. FC Berlin finally captured its first win of the league season in the sixth match day against 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 28 September 1990. Dr. Wolfgang Hosrich became the new club president of FC Berlin on 15 October 1990. He had a background as a club doctor for Dynamo Berlin and BFC Dynamo. FC Berlin was in last place in the league during almost the entire first half of the season. The team defeated FC Vorwarts Frankfurt 2-1 at home in the last match before the winter break. FC Berlin thereby surpassed last FC Sachsen Leipzig on goal difference and finished the first half of the season in 13th place. The team went for a training camp in Malaysia during the winter break. A wave of hooliganism swept across East Germany in 1990. One of the largest hooligan scenes in Germany was formed around FC Berlin. The situation peaked during the match between FC Sachsen Leipzig and FC Berlin on 3 November 1990. Hundreds of supporters of FC Berlin had traveled to the match. Riots broke out near the Georg-Schwarz-Sportpark and the 18-year-old supporter of FC Berlin Mike Polley was shot dead with several shots by the police. Riots then continued in central Leipzig with great devastation. The friendly match between East Germany and West Germany that was planned to be held on the Zentralstadion in Leipzig on 21 November 1990 was cancelled following the events. Riots then also broke out in connection with the match between F.C. Hansa Rostock and FC Berlin in Rostock on 16 March 1991. Hooligans of FC Berlin smashed shop windows and attacked people in central Rostock. Fighting broke out with supporters of F.C. Hansa Rostock around the Ostseestadion. The devastation was once again extensive and two police officers were injured in clashes. The hooligans of FC Berlin came to shape the entire 1990-91 season. FC Berlin recruited icelandic striker Tomas Ingi Tomasson from IBV during the winter break. The team won 2-1 at home against Chemnitzer FC and 1-2 away against FC Victoria 91 Frankfurt in the last two matches of the league season. FC Berlin eventually finished the 1990-91 NOFV-Oberliga in 11th place and qualified for the play-off for the 2. Bundesliga. FC Berlin was drawn into the same group as Union Berlin, 1. FC Magdeburg and BSV Stahl Brandenburg. The team defeated BSV Stahl Brandenburg 3-0 home in the opening round on 5 June 1991. Then followed a 1-0 defeat away to 1. FC Union Berlin, a 0-0 draw home against 1. FC Magdeburg and a 0-0 draw away against BSV Stahl Brandenburg. FC Berlin then defeated Union Berlin 2-0 in the fifth round in front of 9,475 spectators at the Fredrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Stadion on 18 June 1991. Heiko Bonan scored the first goal and Thorsten Boer scored the second goal for FC Berlin. FC Berlin was in second place before the sixth and final round of the play-offs. The team was just one point behind leading BSV Stahl Brandenburg. FC Berlin managed to win 3-5 away against Magdeburg in the final round. Tomas Ingi Tomasson scored two goals. However, BSV Stahl Brandenburg won 0-2 away against Union Berlin. FC Berlin thus finished in second place and had just narrowly missed promotion to the 2. Bundesliga. The team lost several key players after the 1990-91 season. Heiko Bonan left for VfL Bochum, Burkard Reich for Karlsruher SC, Waldermar Ksienzyk and Eike Kuttner for Blau-Weiss 1890 Berlin, Hendrik Herzog for Schalke 04 and Thorsten Boer for Chemnitzer FC. FC Berlin would lose two complete teams during the first one of two years after the fall of the Berlin Wall. FC Berlin recruited defender Heiko Brestrich from BSV Rotation Berlin and midfielder Ralf Rambow from Eisenhuttenstadter FC Stahl for the 1991-92 season. Heiko Brestrich had originally been brought up in the youth department of BFC Dynamo and had made a number of appearances for the club in the DDR-Oberliga. 1991-92 was the first season where teams from former East Germany and teams from former West Germany played in the same leagues. NOFV-Oberliga was now at the third tier in the German football league system. FC Berlin was qualified for the 1991-92 DFB-Pokal, by having qualified for the play-offs for the 2. Bundesliga in the 1990-91 NOFV-Oberliga. FC Berlin was drawn against SC Freiburg from the 2. Bundesliga Sud in the first round. The match was played at the Stadion im Sportforum on 27 July 1991. The starting eleven included players such as Oskar Kosche, Christian Backs, Mario Maek, Jens-Uwe Zophel, Jorg Fugner, Mario Tolkmitt and Mikhail Pronichev. SC Freiburg won the match 0-2. FC Berlin met Tennis Borussia Berlin in the NOFV-Oberliga Nord on 20 September 1991. The goalkeeper of Tennis Borussia Berlin was Bodo Rudwaleit at the time. FC Berlin defeated Tennis Borussia Berlin 1-0 after a goal by Ralf Rambow. FC Berlin would dominate the 1991-92 NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The team lost just two matches and finished the season in first place. The team scored a total of 97 goals during the regular league season. Rehbein and Tolkmitt scored 16 goals each, Rambow scored 15 goals and Pronichev scored 13 goals. FC Berlin once again qualified for the play-offs for the 2. Bundesliga. The team would meet Union Berlin from NOFV-Oberliga Mitte, FSV Zwickau from NOFV-Oberliga Sud and VfL Wolfsburg from the Oberliga Nord. FC Berlin lost 0-2 against VfL Wolfsburg in front of 2,495 spectators at Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Stadion in the opening round on 24 May 1992. The bad start continued with a 2-0 loss away against FSV Zwickau in the second round. FC Berlin then defeated Union Berlin 3-0 at home and 0-4 away. However, the team would lose their remaining matches against VfL Wolfsburg and FSV Zwickau. FC Berlin finished in third place and had for the second season in a row missed promotion to 2. Bundesliga. VfL Wolfsburg won the play-offs, which meant that no team from the former East Germany would be able to advance. FC Berlin would have to continue at amateur level. The team lost 11 players after the 1991-92 season. Christian Backs left for Reinickendorfer Fuchse, Jorn Lenz for Tennis Borussia Berlin, Jorg Fugner for SpVgg Bayreuth, Mario Tolkmitt for Bayer Leverkusen, Andreas Nofz for VfL Oldenburg and Oskar Kosche for FC Sachsen Leipzig. FC Berlin returned to the Sportforum for the 1992-93 season. Coach Bogs would once again have to build a new team. FC Berlin recruited forward Bernd Jopek from SG Bergmann-Borsig, midfielder Stefan Oesker from Blau-Weiss 1890 Berlin and goalkeeper Markus Oster from Tennis Borussia Berlin for the season. Bernd Jopek also had a background in 1. FC Union Berlin and SG Dynamo Furstenwalde. The team was also strengthened by a number of junior players. The club relied heavily on its youth products. The main competitors in the league were Tennis Borussia Berlin, BSV Stahl Brandenburg and Eisenhutterstadter FC Stahl. The team lost 2-7 to Tennis Borussia Berlin at the Sportforum on 22 March 1993. It was the biggest defeat so far for Bogs at the club. FC Berlin finished the 1992-93 NOFV-Oberliga Nord in fourth place. Coach Bogs left for 1. FC Schwedt, Dirk Rehbein for Union Berlin and Bernd Jopek for Spandauer SV after the season. Helmut Koch was the new coach for the 1993-94 season. He had a background as a youth coach at BFC Dynamo. Mikahil Pronochev and Stefan Oesker would be key players in the team. FC Berlin was no longer the absolute treasure trove among the former East German clubs, but continued to produce talented young players thanks to its excellent academy system. Stahl Brandenburg and Eisenhutterstadter FC Stahl would once again be among the top competitors in the league. Jorn Lenz briefly joined the team during the second half of the season. FC Berlin was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the 1993-94 Berlin Cup by Union Berlin after a penalty shootout at the Stadion an der Alten Forsterei on 13 April 1994. The team defeated 1. FSV Schwerin 0-7 away in the last match day on 15 May 1994. FC Berlin finished he 1993-94 NOFV-Oberliga Nord in fourth place and qualified for the re-introduced Regionalliga. The Regionalliga would now form the new third tier in the German football league system. Jorn Lenz returned to Tennis Borussia Berlin after the season. Regionalliga (1994-1998). The 1994-95 Regionalliga Nordost would mean new meetings with well-known opponents such as FC Carl Zeiss Jena, FC Rot-Weiss Erfurt, FC Sachsen Leipzig and FC Energie Cottbus, FC Erzgebirge Aue and Tennis Borussia Berlin. It would also mean new derby maches against 1. FC Union Berlin. FC Berlin recruited defender Mario Kallnik from the reserve team of Stuttgart for the season. Both Mikhail Pronichev and Stefan Oesker were out due to injuries and rehabilitation at the beginning of the season. The team of Helmut Koch included many young players. Seven players were under 22 years old and five players were only 18 or 19 years old. FC Berlin struggled and managed to win only nine matches during the league season. Attendance numbers also remained low. The average attendance was only a couple of hundred spectators at the time. The team finished the 1994-95 Regionalliga Nordost on eleventh place and retained its place in the league. FC Berlin reached the semifinals in the 1994-95 Berlin Cup, but was elimitated after a 2-1 loss to Turkiyemspor Berlin at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 8 May 1995. Jens-Uwe Zophel left the team for FC Energie Cottbus after the season The goal of FC Berlin for the 1995-96 Regionalliga Nordost season was a solid middle position. FC Berlin recruited goalkeeper Ingo Rentzsch from FSV Lok Altmark Stendal and attacking midielder Niels Macken from Tennis Borussia Berlin. FC Berlin would face its old rival 1. FC Dynamo Dresden in the league. The first meeting ended 3-4 to 1. FC Dynamo Dresden in front of 2,002 spectators at the Stadion im Sportforum on 8 September 1995. It was the first meeting between the two teams since the 1990-91 NOFV-Oberliga season. Volkmar Wanski became the new club president in September 1995. He was a building contractor from the western part of Berlin. FC Berlin lost 0-2 at home to FC Rot-Weiss Erfurt at the Stadion im Sportforum in the 12th match day on 15 October 1995. Coach Helmut Koch was dismissed two days later. FC Berlin had only managed to captured eight points during the first twelve matches in the league. Werner Voigt became the new coach. He had had a long background in the club. FC Berlin lost 1-3 at home to arch rival 1. FC Union Berlin in front of 2,170 spectator at the Stadion im Sportforum in the 13th match day on 21 October 1995. The team was temporarily led by managing director Dr. Dieter Fuchs in the match as Voigt had not yet arrived. Experienced defender Mario Maek now also returned to the club. He made his debut after returning against FC Hertha 03 Berlin-Zehlendorf at Stadion im Sportforum in the 15th matchday on 11 November 1995. Mario Maek had been brought up in the youth department of BFC Dynamo and had played matches for BFC Dynamo in the European Cup. FC Berlin defeated FSV Lok Altmark Stendal 2-1 at home in the 20th match day on 10 February 1996. The team had thus been undefeated in five consecutive matches under Voigt. The results in the league would be mixed during the spring. FC Berlin finally finished the 1995-96 Regionalliga Nordost in 13th place. The millions the club had earned on player transfers in the early 1990s had now been used up. President Volkmar Wanski would make financial contributions to the club every year. However, the club's youth work remained successful. FC Berlin would have to put together a primarily young team every season with the help of its youth department. But the new team would hardly have had time get together, before the young players were recruited by larger clubs. Experienced players such as Heiko Brestrich, Mario Maek and Jens Reckmann would form the backbone of the team during the 1996-97 season. FC Berlin played 1. FC Dynamo Dresden in the opening match of the 1996-97 Regionalliga Nordost on 3 August 1996. The team won the match 2-0 in front of 2,300 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark. Both goals were scored by Timo Lesch. However, FC Berlin suffered a major 6-0 defeat at home to its other rival Union Berlin in the Regionalliga Nordost on 28 September 1994. Former FC Berlin player Thorsten Boer scored two goals for Union Berlin. Wolfgang Levin () became new managing director in November 1996. He replaced Dr. Dieter Fuchs and would serve as both manager and managing director. President Volkmar Wanski became the shirt sponsor with his own company Regio Bautenschutz GmbH during the 1996-97 season. The shirts had not had a sponsor in almost seven years. FC Berlin signed a two-year contract with the Italian sportswear manufacturer Fila in May 1997. Fila became the club's equipment sponsor. FC Berlin had until then had to pay for all equipment for its 19 teams itself, due to the club not having any equipment sponsor. Fila had reportedly been impressed by the youth development at FC Berlin. FC Berlin finished also the 1996-97 Regionalliga Nordost in a thirteenth place. Mikhail Pronichev left the team for TuS Makkabi Berlin and Jens Reckmann for Dynamo Dresden after the season. FC Berlin sought a cooperation in youth football with Bundesliga club Werder Bremen, in order to give its 360 youth players a perspective. The club eventually began a cooperation with the 2. Bundesliga club KFC Uerdingen in July 1997. FC Berlin was forced to reduce its budget for the 1997-98 season from 1,2 million D-Marks to 900,000 D-Marks. Young forward Sven Ohly returned from 1. FSV Schwerin and Berndt Jopek returned from Spandauer SV. The club also recruited croatian midfielder Davor Krznaric from the reserve team of Borussia Monchengladbach. The team won only five matches and lost ten during the first half of the 1997-98 Regonalliga Nordost. Managing director Wolfgang Levin left for KFC Uerdingen. He was replaced by the former banker Volker Steinke. Defender Jorn Lenz once again returned to the club during the winter break. He would be a key player for several seasons to come. The club still received New Year's greetings from Real Madrid and Liverpool F.C. during the winter of 1997-1998. Coach Voigt was dismissed in the spring. Ingo Rentzsch took over as interim coach. FC Berlin played a 5-5 draw away against 1. FC Magdeburg in the penultimate match day of the league season on 5 May 1998. The team then ended the league season with 2-2 at home against local rival 1. FC Union Berlin on the last match day on 9 May 1998. FC Berlin finished the 1997-98 Regionalliga Nordost in ninth place. Renaming and Berlin Cup victory (1998-1999). Henry Hausler was the new coach for the 1998-99 season. He was largely able to continue with the team from last season and did not have to build a completely new team. FC Berlin recruited Martino Gatti from FC Homburg fore the season. Central players in the team were Heiko Brestrich, Jorn Lenz, Mario Maek, Mario Kallnik and Davor Krznaric. Jorn Lenz was the team captain. FC Berlin would get difficult start of the 1998-99 Regionalliga Nordost season with matches against Carl Zeiss Jena, Erzgebirge Aue and FSV Zwickau. But the team was still undefeated after the nine match days, including a 2-1 win home against VfB Leipzig in the 9th match day on 26 September 1998. The first loss came against 1. FC Dynamo Dresden away in the tenth match day on 10 October 1998. President Volkmar Wanski came up with idea of taking back the old club name BFC Dynamo in the autumn of 1998. He said: "We stand by Dynamo's sporting tradition, we reject the club's political past." Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk conducted a survey among its viewers which showed that 67 percent were in favor of taking back to the name BFC Dynamo. The club received 150 new membership applications after that. An overwhelming majority voted to take back the old club name at the general meeting on 3 May 1999. The club also reclaimed its East German crest, but the rights to the crest now belonged to fan souvenir dealer Pepe Mager. Coach Hausler was dismissed on 29 April 1999. He was replaced by Ingo Rentzsch. BFC Dynamo met Union Berlin in the 33rd match day of the 1998-99 Regionaliga Nordost on 8 May 1999. Coach Rentzsch threw in the towel at half break and left he stadium, allegedly because President Volkmar Wanski had wanted to dictate the line-up. Youth trainer Norbert Paepke took over in the second half of the match. BFC Dynamo won the derby 0-2 after two goals by Marcel Solomo in front of 2,543 spectators at the Stadion an der Alten Forsterei. BFC Dynamo had success in the 1998-99 Berlin Cup. The team defeated Berlin Turkspor 1965 4-1 in the final at the Fredrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 11 May 1999. Supporters of BFC Dynamo invaded the pitch after the final whistle to celebrate the title. Some supporters also attacked players to Berlin Turkspor 1965. Club President Wanski immediately apologized for the behavior at the press conference after the match. The Turkish association in Berlin-Brandenburg (TBB) demanded that BFC Dynamo be excluded from the coming DFB-Pokal and that the chairman of the Berlin Football Association (BFV) Otto Hohn resign. However, Otto Hohne announced that the victory for BFC Dynamo could not be questioned. BFC Dynamo and Berlin Turkspor 1965 then agreed to meet in a friendly match in the coming season and to organize a joint meal for players and responsible. Klaus Goldbach took over as coach before the last match day of the league season. BFC Dynamo defeated FC Rot-Weiss Erfurt 2-0 in the last match day and finished the 1998-99 Regionaliga Nordost in eighth place. Davor Krznaric left for SV Babelsberg 03 and Berndt Jopek left for FSV Fortuna Pankow after the season. Relegation to the Oberliga and new sponsor (1999-2000). The 1999-2000 Regonalliga Nordost would be decisive. The Regionalliga Nordost was going to be dissolved after the season. The third tier in the German football league system would then be reduced to two divisions. The seven best teams in the 1999-2000 Regionaliga Nordost would be allowed to continue in the two remaining divisions and the winner would have the opportunity to participate in play-offs to the 2. Bundesliga. But the remaining teams would be relegated to the fourth tier NOFV-Oberliga. BFC Dynamo recruited goalkeeper Nico Thomaschewski and striker Thorsten Boer from Union Berlin for the season. Dirk Rehbein returned from Tennis Borussia Berlin and Jens Reckmann returned from Dynamo Dresden. The team was also joined by forward Marcel Riediger from the BFC Dynamo U19 team. Marcel Riediger was the son of Hans-Jurgen Riediger and had played in BFC Dynamo since the age of eight. The goal for the 1999-2000 season was to qualify for the new third tier in the German football league system. However, BFC Dynamo continued to have financial difficulties. The number of sponsors was too few. The club was financially dependent on President Volkmar Wanski and the need for money increased. The player budget amounted to approximately 2,3 million D-Marks for the 1999-2000 season and was almost doubled compared to the previous season. But there was a lack of coverage for 800,000 D-Marks in the draft budget and the club would have a difficulties paying salaries already at the beginning of the season. The number of spectators was low and new sponsors were deterred by hooliganism. BFC Dynamo was drawn against DSC Arminia Bielefeld from the Bundesliga in the second round of the 1999-2000 DFB-Pokal. The team lost the match 0-2 in front of 2,400 spectators at Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 7 August 1999. The league season started well, with a 6-1 win home against FSV Zwickau in the second match day and a 1-0 win home against Dynamo Dresden in the sixth match day. BFC Dynamo was in second place in the league after the eight match day. However, then would follow mostly matches without a win. Heiko Brestrich was transferred to VfB Leipzig in November 1999. Differences with coach Klaus Goldbach was allegedly the reason for his abrupt departure. The team was joined by Russian striker Denis Kozlov from FC Rot-Weiss Erfurt at the same time. Brestrich had amassed a total of 301 matcher for BFC Dynamo during his career, according to club statistics. Coach Goldbach was dismissed after a 3-0 loss to VfB Leipzig away in the 16th match day on 4 December 1999. He was replaced by Bogs, who returned to the club for his third stint as coach. Norbert Paepke became assistant coach of Jurgen Bogs. BFC Dynamo finally received a new promosing main sponsor through the computer software company Lipro AG in the beginning of 2000. Lipro AG explained that BFC Dynamo had been chosen because the club pursues ambitious sporting plans based on excellent youth work. The new sponsor had been won through sports director Hans Reker. It was stated that the sponsorship would amount to a seven-digit sum over the next one or two years. A special bonus would also be awarded if the club reached the third tier. However, the difficulties in the league continued and the club had debts of around 500,000 D-Marks for the season. BFC Dynamo eventually finished the 1999-2000 Regionalliga Nordost in 17th place and was relegated to NOFV-Oberliga Nord. BFC Dynamo reached the final of the Berlin Cup for the second season in a row. The team lost 2-0 to the reserve team of Tennis Borussia Berlin in the final of the 1999-2000 Berlin Cup on 31 May 2000. Club President Volkmar Wanski, Vice-President Ralf Rose and treasurer Gunter Mattkies resigned on 29 June 2000. The reason for the resignation of Volkmar Wanski was allegedly that sponsor Lipro AG demanded decisive influence in the club. Lipro AG accounted for 80 percent of the budget at the time. The sponsor was closely associated with sports director Hans Reker. Hans Reker was appointed acting president by the Economic Council and was now temporarily in full control of the club. Near promotion and crash (2000-2001). The team lost several players after the 1999-2000 season. Mario Maek retired as a player. He would instead take on the role of managing director of the club. Thorsten Boer returned to Union Berlin, Martino Gatti left for SV Babelsberg 03, Marcel Solomo for FC Erzgebige Aue, Tolga Gunes for Tennis Borussia Berlin and Norman Struck for VfL Halle 96. The budget for the season was once again about 2,3 million D-Marks. It was a new record for NOFV-Oberliga Nord. A new team was put together. BFC Dynamo recruited striker Dirk Vollmar from Kickers Offenbach, midfielder Sebastian Hahn from the reserve team of F.C. Hansa Rostock and midfielder Aka Adek Mba from 1. FC Magdeburg as well as the Romanian players Aurel Panait, Silvian Cristescu and Danut Oprea. Jorn Lenz was again team captain. Puma became the club's new equipment sponsor for the 2000-01 season. The new team was even ten percent more expensive than the Regionalliga team of the previous season according to Hans Reker. BFC Dynamo played 1-1 against Eintracht Frankfurt in a training match on 4 July 2000. The goal of the season was to advance to Regionalliga Nord. To win promotion, the team would also have to defeat the winner of NOFV Oberliga-Sud in a play-off. Karin Halsch was elected new club president on 27 September 2000. Halsch had earlier been a member of the Economic Council and was an active politician within the social democratic SPD. BFC Dynamo had started the league season with mixed results. The team defeated Eisenhuttenstadter FC Stahl 3-0 home in the ninth match day on 14 October 2000. The match was a turning point in the league. The team defeated FC Anker Wismar 4-0 away, SV Schwarz-Rot Neustadt 3-0 home, FV Motor Eberswalde 4-0 away and Turkiyemspor Berlin 3-0 home in the following four match days. The legal dispute with Peter Mager over the rights to the club's East German crest was not yet resolved. Vice President Rene Lau announced that the club considered itself the sole owner of the crest. BFC Dynamo initiated legal proceedings against Mager on 20 November 2000 to regain the rights to its former crest. BFC Dynamo came to dominate the 2000-01 NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The team had won the last seven matches before the winter break and finished the first haslf of the season as Herbstmeister. Former elite sprinter and Olympic gold medalist Doris Maletzki became new managing director on 15 February 2001. Bodo Rudwaleit returned to the club as goalkeeping coach. He joined the coaching staff of Jurgen Bogs. The other two members of the coaching staff were Mario Maek and assistant coach Norbert Paepke. BFC Dynamo met Union Berlin in the quarterfinals of the 2000-01 Berlin Cup. Union won the match 3-0 in front of 4,427 spectators at Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 24 March 2001. Riots broke out among supporters of BFC Dynamo after the match. Police deploy water cannons against supporters on Eberswalder Strasse and Schonhauser Allee. Club President Halsch expressed sadness that the riots destroyed a lot of reconstruction work in the club and announced that there would be many stadium bans. BFC Dynamo lost only three matches during the league season and finished the 2000-01 NOFV-Oberliga Nord in first place. Denis Kozlov had scored a total of 29 goals for BFC Dynamo during the league season. The team would now face Magdeburg in a play-off to the Regionalliga Nord. Promotion to Regionalliga Nord would mean 750,000 D-Marks in guaranteed television money. It had become apparent that the club had financial problems two weeks before the play-offs. Players and coaches had received their January salaries in March and had not received any salaries since. The club was also behind with insurance payments. Halsch explained that the payments could not be made due to unexpected results from Lipro AG. Sports director Hans Reker countered that Lipro AG had fulfilled all commitments. The club also had remaining debt from the era of Volkmar Wanski. Wanski himself demanded the club for 450,000 D-Marks. It was clear even before the first meeting with Magdeburg that BFC Dynamo would have a difficulties meeting the requirements from DFB in the event of promotion. BFC Dynamo would need to provide a bank guarantee of 4,2 million D-Marks to secure the budget for the 2001-02 Regionalliga Nord. A similar requirement was also placed on Magdeburg. The first leg of the play-offs ended 0-0 in front of 8,282 spectators at the Sportforum on 2 June 2001. The second leg was played at the Ernst-Grube-Stadion in Magdeburg on 9 June 2001. About 2,000 supporters of BFC Dynamo had traveled to the match. The score was 2-2 in the second half, with a goal by Silvian Cristescu and a goal by Denis Kozlov. BFC Dynamo was practically promoted at this point, but then followed three goals for Magdeburg. BFC Dynamo lost the match 5-2 and Magdeburg won promotion to Regionalliga Nord. However, also Magdeburg had financial problems. It was unclear whether Magdeburg would be able to provide the seven digit bank guarantee required by DFB. However, BFC Dynamo announced on 11 June 2001 that the club would refrain from seeking promotion in the event that Magdeburg failed to obtain a license. The club would simply not be able to collect the amount required in such a short time. It was now also unclear how the planned budget for next season would be financed. The main sponsor Lipro AG was also in financial trouble. The club's debts allegedly amounted to approximately 1,5 million D-Marks. President Karin Halsch announced that the club had set a deadline. The current liabilities would be paid before the end of the month. Otherwise, the club will file for involvency. The new season would formally begin in July 2001. If insolvency proceedings were opened after that, the club would be automatically relegated to the fifth tier Verbandsliga Berlin. The club was allegedly behind with 500,000 D-Marks in salaries and insurance payments since the beginning of the year. In addition, there was another 500,000 D-Marks in old debts. Hans Reker claimed he had obtained 39 new sponsors. Marcel Riediger could not be held and left for FC Erzgebirge Aue. Also other top players started to leave the club. Striker Denis Kozlov was about to move to Dynamo Dresden. Florin Batrinu left for K.V. Mechelen and Dorel Zegrean for ACF Gloria Bistrita. Halsch pleaded for insolvency. But Hans Reker and main sponsor Lipro AG decided against an urgent initiation of insolvency proceedings. Halsch finally announced her resignation on 25 June 2001. She stated that she had been denied access to documents and could not lead the club under such conditions. Halsch claimed she only new of an advertising contract with Lipro AG. Others documents had allegedly not been shown to her. The club's total debts were now allegedly estimated to 4 million D-Marks. The insurance company Allgemeine Ortskrankenkasse (AOK) filed for insolvency against the club on 21 June 2001. AOK demanded 126,000 D-Marks in overdue insurance payments. Insolvency (2001-2004). Financial crisis (2001). The insurance company AOK demanded 126,000 D-Marks. BFC Dynamo did not have the money. Supporters of BFC Dynamo started a fundraiser under the name "Save the BFC" to save the club from insolvency. The fundraiser quickly collected 50,000 D-Marks. The planned budget for the coming season was reduced from 2,5 million D-Marks to 1,3 million D-Marks. Only five regular players were planned to be retained. These were Nico Thomaschewski, Jorn Lenz, Sebastinan Hahn, Aurel Panait and Danuts Oprea. Jurgen Bogs and the team went to training camp in Karlovy Vary on 8 July 2001. Silvan Christu and Aka Adeck Mba were not on board for the training camp. The club management now decided to postpone the ongoing dispute with Pepe Mager over the rights to the East German crest. BFC Dynamo held an extraordinary general meeting on 10 July 2001. Hans Reker had accompanied the team to training camp and did not attend the meeting. Vice-President Gunter Haake admitted that the budget for the coming season was only partially covered, but claimed that a new sponsorship agreement with Lipro AG was ready to be signed. Demands for resignation and criminal prosecution of the presidium were raised during the meeting. Former Club President Halsch again criticized her former colleagues in the presidium and reiterated that she had been denied access to contracts. She received applauses at her farewell. Halsch also handed over a check for 10,000 D-Marks to the youth department. BFC Dynamo lost more players during the summer. Sebastian Hahn left for FC Rot-Weiss Essen and Mario Kallnik and Aka Adeck Mba for 1. FC Magdeburg. The totalt debt were now estimated at 5,5 million D-Marks, of which 4,2 million D-Marks were alleged to be loans from Lipro AG and 1,3 million D-Marks were alleged to be current liabilities. The club founded the spinoff company BFC Marketing GmbH to facilitate collaborations. The professional team could possibly be outsourced to the spin-off company. AOK could accept payment in installments. The company demanded an initial installment of 50,000 D-Marks on 16 July 2001. But some of the money raised by the supporters had been used to make payments to players and coaches. No payment to AOK had yet been made by the end of July 2001. Sports director Reker traveled to Moscow in early August 2001 to discuss a partnership with FC Dynamo Moscow. The plan was for FC Dynamo Moscow to invest in BFC Marketing GmbH and for BFC Dynamo to serve as a farm team to FC Dynamo Moscow in Europe. The purpose was a collaboration in transfers and sponsors between the two clubs. The club had support from the former State Secretary of the Russian Embassy in its contacts with FC Dynamo Moscow. Vice-President Gunter Haake was a functionary in EHC Dynamo Berlin during the German reunification and had had good contacts in Russia since the East German era. Gunter Haake had recently served as managing director of Eisbaren Berlin. Former goalkeeper and ten-time East German champion Bodo Rudwaleit agreed to help the team as the second goalkeeper behind Nico Tomaschewski in the match against VfB Lichterfelde in NOFV-Oberliga Nord on 15 August 2001. Rudwaleit was 44 years old at the time. The new second goalkeeper Lubomir Padalik had not yet received his permission to play. A preliminary insolvency administrator was appointed for the club. All expenses would now need to be approved by the preliminary insolvency administrator. The remaining three Romanian players did not participate in the team from mid-August. Silvan Christu and Danuts Oprea had traveled to Romania because they did not receive any salaries despite a request. Reker stated that Lipro AG has signed a contract for the current season and was still the club's sponsor. He pointed out that Lipro AG had taken over most of the club's old debts and that it was thanks to Lipro AG that the club had been able to avoid a crisis already last season. BFC Dynamo defeated Eisenhuttenstadter FC Stahl 0-4 away with two goals by Tomasz Suwary on 29 August 2001. No signal came from FC Dynamo Moscow. An agreement was reached with the employment office and a bank through the preliminary insolvency administrator. The bank would pay for the next three salaries and then receive compensation from the employment service in the event of insolvency. The first salary payment was planned to take place on 15 September 2001. BFC Dynamo was now also the subject of an insolvency application from the insurance provider Barmer. The two insurance companies AOK and Barmer demanded approximately 250,000 D-Marks together. In addition, the club had debts of about 250,000 D-Marks in unpaid salaries. Preliminary insolvency administrator Philipp Hacklander estimated that the insolvency proceedings against BFC Dynamo could open on 1 November 2001. The club would be automatically relegated to the Verbandsliga and would have to play the rest of the season as mandatory friendly matches if insolvency proceedings are opened. The squad had dropped to just 17 players, with several injuries, before the match against MSV Neuruppin on 17 September 2001. Insolvency proceedings were opened against main sponsor Lipro AG on 5 October 2001. Sports director Reker became a scapegoat for the club's financial problems because he had put together a very expensive team for the previous season and had promised rescue for several months without results. Preliminary insolvency administrator Hacklander estimateded that the club's total debts may amount to 6 million D-Marks. In order to commence insolvency proceedings, BFC Dynamo would need approximately 30,000 D-Marks by 31 October 2001. If the insolvency proceedings could not be opened due to lack of funds, the club risked bankruptcy and dissolution. BFC Dynamo would then have to restart in the Kreisliga under a new name. Press spokesman Holger Zimmerman confirmed that the 30,000 D-Marks required to commence insolvency proceedings were not yet available. Supporters of BFC Dynamo organized a demonstration to save the club on 26 October 2001. Also former professional players such as Hans-Jurgen Riediger, Waldemar Ksienzyk, Rainer Troppa and Heiko Brestrich as well as many of the club's youth players intended to participate. The demonstration marched from the Sportforum Hohenschonhausen to the Rotes Rathaus, where it was received by former club president and SPD politician Karin Halsch. During the demonstration, the Senator for Sports of Berlin and SPD politician Klaus Boger appealed to the business community in Berlin to help the club. Insolvency (2001-2002). Discussions with new sponsors failed. It was uncertain whether BFC Dynamo would succeed in raising the amount of money required to commence insolvency proceedings and avoid bankruptcy. The money had not yet been transferred to the preliminary insolvency administrator as of 26 October 2001. Preliminary insolvency administrator Wolfgang Schroder now estimated the club's total debts could amount to as much as 7 million D-Marks. 7 million D-Marks corresponded to approximately 3,57 million Euros at the time. A sponsor group around former club president Volkmar Wanski eventually stepped forward and offered the 30,000 D-Marks required to commence insolvency proceedings. BFC Dynamo defeated SV Nord Wedding 1893 3-1 at home in the 2001-02 Berlin Cup on 27 October 2001. It was the team's last match before insolvency. The club competed with a rump team. Goalkeeper Thomaschewski even had to play libero. The entire presidium of Hans Reker, Gunter Haake and Emil Lindemann resigned on 31 October 2001. An emergency board formed by Andre Sommer, Rayk Bernt and press spokesman Zimmermann was appointed by the Economic Council. The emergency board was intended to serve until the extraordinary general meeting on 26 November 2001. No new president was appointed for the emergency board. Wanski explained that BFC Dynamo had a long sports tradition and must not go under. More than 400 children and young people still played football in the club. Therefore, he and other sponsors had decided to help. FC Berlin is said to have made several millions on player sales during the German reunification. The club was for a time considered the richest amateur club in Germany. However, not all money from player sales went to the club. Some of the money also went to SV Dynamo, the DFV and advisors. The DFV allegedly took 15 percent of the transfer fee for Andreas Thom. A larger sum will also have been made available to the East German Ministry of Health. Advisor Michael Prawitz will then have received 10 percent of the transfer fee for his assistance during the negotiations. Managing director Dr. Dieter Fuchs claimed that the club had between 3 and 4 million D-Marks in its bank accounts in June 1991. But the club's reputation as the former Stasi club made it hard to find new sponsors. And the club was also plagued by hooliganism. Riots among supporters repeatedly caused negative headlines. Club management allowed themselves to be lured into dubious business deals. The club is alleged to have invested in scooters, which were intended to later be sold at a profit. At one point, about 250 scooters are said to have been standing in the air dome in the Sportforum Hohenschonhausen. It later turned out that they were not adapted to the European market and had to be retrofitted. The total loss in this unsuccessful business outside of football should have amounted to 300,000 D-Marks. FC Berlin never managed to get past the play-off for the 2. Bundesliga and never made it beyond the third tier. The club had just a couple of hundred spectators per match on average during the 1990s and the income from membership fees was marginal. Former Club President Wolfgang Hosrich said: "For a long time we lived off the sales of our best people. But at some point this money became less, because we too needed new players". FC Berlin also maintained a large youth department that cost about 400,000 D-Marks per year. When Wolfgang Levin became managing director in November 1996, the club had no debts, but also no longer any money in its bank accounts. President Wanski would then need to support the club with personal financial contributions every year. BFC Dynamo finally received a promising main sponsor in the form of Lipro AG in the beginning of 2000. Millions of D-marks would now be available. At the same time, the club's current liabilities had started to become significant and Club President Wanski granted the club a loan of 500,000 D-Marks. Sports director Hans Reker now started to sign new players and the club made an effort to reach the third tier Regionalliga. However, the millions from Lipro AG later turned out to be loans. Wanski repeatedly spoke out out against the old presidium and accused former sports director Reker of mismanagement. Wanski estimated that the club's debts were 380,000 D-Marks when he resigned in June 2000. The debts were then estimated at more than 6 million D-Marks a season later. About 3 million Euros in debt had allegedly accumulated under sports director Reker, according to German newspaper Die Tageszeitung. Wanski accused the old presidium of doing too little to prevent bankruptcy during the financial crisis and speculated that the old presidium might have preferred it the club was dissolved. The books would then be closed for good. Wanski wanted to take legal action against Reker and the CEO of Lipro AG Dieter Kuchler. The emergency board with Sommer, Bernt and Zimmermann was considered to represent the interests of the sponsor group around Wanski. The emegecy board announced that it would bear the costs of the insolvency proceedings. The two members Sommer and Bernt were controversial because of their membership in motorcycle club Hells Angels. However, Sommer and Bernt were long time fans of the club. Sommer had been a member of the hooligan scene during the 1980s. But when the hooligan scene drifted towards the political right in the late 1980s, he appeared less and less. So far, Sommer and Bernt had mainly taken care of a beer stand for VIP guests at the stadium. Wanski protested against the claim that Sommer and Bernt were his confidants and distanced himself from the crimes associated with Hells Anges. However, he also stated that the duo had in fact saved the club from bankruptcy, because they alone had contacted him only hours before the deadline for payment of the money for the opening of the insolvency proceedings. Press spokesman Zimmermann left the emergency board on 23 November 2001 because he thought that Sommer and Bernt had given the club an image he could not identify with. A new presidium was intended to be elected at the extraordinary general meeting on 26 November 2001. However, the meeting was transformed into an information event with the votes 89 to 87, at the insistence of the emergency board. Some members felt that they had been blackmailed and incapacitated. Sommer and Bernt continued to lead the club during the opening of the insolvency proceedings. But the legitimacy of their presidium was questioned. Sommer emphasized that they were only a transitional presidency and that there will be a general election next year when a new presidium will be elected. First the insolvency proceedings should be awaited. Involvency proceedings ere opened on 1 November 2001. All contracts with professionals and employees were terminated when the insolvency proceedings were opened. The club had to continue under amateur conditions and the players could only be offered 300 Euros per month. Only three players from the previous squad remained for the first mandatory friendly match after the opening of the insolvency proceedings, including the new captain Piotr Rowicki. The rest of the squad came from the club's reserve teams. Jorn Lenz left for VfB Leipzig, Nico Thomaschewski for SV Babelsberg 03 and Marcel Niespodziany for Fuchse Berlin Reinickendorf. Danuts Oprea returned to Romania. Jurgen Bogs also announced that he would not continue. Former assistant coach Mario Maek became the new coach. He was assisted by goalkeeping coach Bodo Rudwaleit. Norbert Paepke took on the role as office manager () at BFC Dynamo. Maek and Rudwaleit were now given the task of building a new team for the 2002-03 Verbandsliga Berlin as coches. It would allegedly require 300,000-500,000 D-Marks to resurge the club. However, the club's bank accounts were empty. The youth department had also dropped from 400 members to less than 300 members in a short time. Mario Maek led the team on a volunteer basis. BFC Dynamo participated in the annual indoor tournament for all Berlin clubs in the NOFV-Oberliga in the Sporthalle Charlottenburg in early January 2002. The team reached the playoffs after equalizing against Turkiyemspor Berlin twelve seconds before the final whistle. BFC Dynamo drew 1,500 spectators during the tournament. The club once again had to rely on its youth players. Several U19 players had been integrated into the team. It was still unclear whether the insolvency proceedings could be brought to a positive conclusion. The club was estimated to have about 144 different creditors. Insolvency administrator Hacklander estimated that 220,000 Euros would be required to succeed in the insolvency proceedings. Most of the money would need to be used to pay the club's debts for salaries to players and employees. The remaining creditors would have to share about 20,000 Euros. The club was contacted by the Swiss businessman Albert Koller. Albert Koller could be interested in assisting the club. He had experience in insolvency proceedings. Albert Koller had helped FC Luzern and Young Boys Bern out of similar situations. He traveled to Berlin and visited the club in the Sportforum Hohenschonhausen. Sommer and Bernt met with great resistance due to their membership in Hells Angels. The duo had a deterrent effect and failed to win any new sponsors. Members had collected signatures with the aim of electing a new presidium. But the signatures were ignored by Sommer and Bernt. The duo claimed to have had no knowledge. The emergency board was finally overthrown by supporters and the former coach of the women's team Volkmar Lucius through an application to the Charlottenburg District Court. The Charlottenburg District Court appointed Lucius as emergency board member on 30 April 2002. Nevertheless, Sommer and Bernt had after all helped made sure that the insolvency proceedings could be opened with their own personal financial contributions. Supporter representative Rainer Ludtke would later say that Sommer and Bernt actually saved the club as emergency directors in the autumn of 2001. Bernt acquired the rights to the former crest from Pepe Mager in June 2002. Sommer and Bernt also ran the sports pub Berliner Fussball-Cafe in Lichtenberg at the time. The sports pub was popular in some parts of the supporter scene. But the duo would no longer have much to say in the club by 2003. However, Sommer had his own child in the club and would continue to sponsor the club for a few years, with personal financial contributions and through his various establishments. The club was in urgent need of money and would come to receive sponsor money from companies with alleged links to the Hells Angels. BFC Dynamo ended these sponsorship contracts in 2006. Restart in the Verbandsliga (2002-2003). The interest group IG BFC'er had been looking for a new suitable board member. Mike Peters was finally persuaded to run for president. Mike Peters was the owner of a staffing company with 50 employees in Hohenschonhausen. The company had a turnover of 2,5 million Euros per year at the time. Mike Peters was elected new president of BFC Dynamo at the general meeting on 31 May 2002. Dirk Fischer and Axel Kusch were elected vice-presidents. Sven Radicke was elected treasurer. The preferential claims of 204,000 Euros had seemed insurmountable. But supporters had negotiated with creditors and received numerous waivers. Supporters also set up a donations account and collected at least 13,800 Euros themselves. The new presidium would finally provide around 100,000 Euros for the insolvency plan. The former BFC Dynamo player Dirk Vollmar would become the new coach on a voluntary basis for the coming season. Bodo Rudwaleit continued as assistant coach. However, the club did not yet have a complete team for the coming season. President Mike Peters would fund a large portion of the budget for of the 2002-03 Verbandsliga Berlin season. The planned budget for the club amounted to about 125,000 Euros. The supporters installed bucket seats at Stadion im Sportforum during the summer. They would also come to build a new clubhouse next to the grandstand during the season. The new clubhouse was intended to be run independently by the supporters. Goalkeeper Nico Tomasheweki returned from SV Babelsberg 03 and Aka Adeck Mba returned from 1. FC Magdeburg for the 2002-03 Verbandsliga Berlin season. The team was also joined by defender Robert Rudwaleit from the reserve team of BFC Dynamo, Philipp Wanski from the reserve team of Hannover 96, Uwe Lehmann from FSV Optik Rathenow and Michael Dehnert from SV Germania Schoneiche. Robert Rudwaleit was the son of the former goalkeeper of Bodo Rudwaleit. Philipp Wanski was the son of former Club President Volkmar Wanski and had a background in the youth department of BFC Dynamo. The average age of the young team was 21,7 years. BFC Dynamo defeated the reserve team of 1. FC Union Berlin 1-2 away in the third match day on 28 August 2002. Jens Reckmann returned from SG Eintracht Oranienburg after the winter break. Jens Reckmann had begun playing football for BFC Dynamo at the age of six. He was part of the team of FC Berlin under Jurgen Bogs who just missed the promotion to the 2. Bundesliga against VfL Wolfsburg in 1992 as a 19-year-old. BFC Dynamo would also win the return match against reserve team of 1. FC Union Berlin 2-1 at home in the 19th match day on 29 March 2003. The return match was attended by 1,178 spectators at the Stadion im Sportforum. BFC Dynamo started its day care project in the spring of 2003. The project would later be called "Kita-Projekt". The idea was that small children would be picked up at their preschools and given the opportunity to participate in physical activities in the Sportforum Hohenschonhausen. BFC Dynamo player Michael Dehnert became the first head of the day care project. Around 300 children from 45 day care centers in Berlin would come to take part in the project during its first 12 months. BFC Dynamo finished 2002-04 Verbandsliga Berlin in third place. Aka Adeck Mba left for Turkiyemspor Berlin and Jens Reckman for MSV Neuruppin after the season. Promotion to the Oberliga and end of insolvency (2003-2004). Jorn Lenz returned from VfB Leipig before the 2003-04 Verbandsliga Berlin season. The team was also joined by midfielder Jorg Schwanke from Dresdner SC, defender Falk Jarling from the reserve team by Hansa Rostock and forward Danny Kukulies from SC Pfullendorf. Kukulies had a long background in the youth department of BFC Dynamo. The club decided to form a new Economic Council at an extraordinary general meeting on 20 June 2003. Dieter Burghaus and Detlef Schlimper as well as Enrico Schinzel from IG BFC were elected to the Economic Council. The budget for the coming season was about 125,000 Euros. The insolvency situation was complex. The club had about 170 creditors. It was still unclear whether the insolvency proceedings could be successful. Bodo Rudwaleit resigned as assistant coach on 28 September 2003. He would be replaced by Sven Orbanke. Supporters of BFC Dyname arranged the first edition of the fan tournament in memory of Mike Polley in Sportforum Hohenschonhausen during the autumn of 2003. 28 teams participated in the tournament. BFC Dynamo was in fourth place in the table after the eleventh round, nine points behind leading SV Tasmania Gropiusstadt 73. However, the goal for the season had been promotion to NOFV-Oberliga Nord. Dirk Vollmark was dismissed and assistant coach Sven Orbanke took over as the new coach. Rajko Fijalek became the new assistant coach. President Peters tried to reach agreements with the last remaining preferential creditors. One of them was Mario Maek, who decided to waive his claim for unpaid salary in support of the club. Mario Maek was coach of SV Sparta Lichtenberg at the time. BFC Dynamo managed to reach an agreement with the last preferential creditors at the end of November 2003. The club hoped to be able to settle the 192 creditors with 0,5 percent of their claims. BFC Dynamo was in third place in the league after the winter break. The team was nine points behind leading BFC Preussen and six points behind second placed SV Tasmania Gropiusstadt 73. The team defeated SV Tasmania Gropiusstadt 73 2-1 at home with a goal by Jorn Lenz and a goal by Robert Rudwaleit on 24 January 2004. The team would also come win the next matches. Supporters of BFC Dynamo managed to buy back the lost champion trophy from 1984 on eBay for 800 Euros. The trophy was handed over to players from the former champions team before the match against BFC Preussen in the quarterfinals of the 2003-04 Berlin Cup on 28 February 2004. BFC Dynamo defeated BFC Preussen 1-0 and reached the semifinals. The team lost the semifinal against SV Yesilyurt 1-2 in front of more than 2,000 spectators at the Stadion im Sportforum on 11 May 2004. SV Yesilyurt had ties to the Turkish community in Berlin. Some supporters of BFC Dynamo had brought about 50 flatbreads to the stadium which they waved and then threw onto the running track as a provocation. The action drew criticism in Turkish media. The president of BFC Dynamo Peters publicly apologized for the action. BFC Dynamo was in first place in the league with six matches left to play. The team was now six points ahead of both SV Tasmania Gropiusstadt 73 and BFC Preussen. The insolvency proceedings now also looked to come to a positive conclusion. BFC Dynamo eventually finished the 2003-04 Verbandsliga Berlin in first place and won promotion to NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The team had won all 17 matches during the second half of the season, which was a new record for the Verbandsliga Berlin. Kukulies became the league top goal scorer with 33 goals. Suwary came second with 22 goals. The former professional player of BFC Dynamo Christian Backs became the new coach on 1 June 2004. The insolvency proceedings came to a conclucion after a meeting with the creditors at the Charlottenburg District Court on 8 June 2004. The 192 creditors received an insolvency rate of 0,25 percent from the recognized debts of 1,789 million Euros. The insolvency proceedings were then declared closed by the Charlottenburg District Court on 16 June 2004. The decision was finally confirmed by the Berlin Regional Court at the end of October 2004 after one complaint was dismissed. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021684 The Devil at Saxon Wall The Devil at Saxon Wall is a 1935 mystery detective novel by the British writer Gladys Mitchell. It is the sixth in her long-running series featuring the psychoanalyst and amateur detective Mrs Bradley. It was the first of a number of her books to feature the theme of witchcraft, the result of hearing a lecture about it from her friend Helen Simpson who she dedicated the novel to. Reception. Edward Shanks wrote a review for the "Evening Standard", concluding "This is a refreshing variation on the usual thriller, but it cannot be pronounced a complete success. The jacket artist has added to the prevailing effect of nightmare by having apparently had in his mind some other book". "The Observer" review stated "I would not wish my dearest foe to miss The Devil at Saxon Wall; a new Gladys Mitchell is as much an event as a new Dorothy L. Sayers". Synopsis. In the wake of a nervous breakdown a novelist goes to live in the seemingly quiet Hampshire village of Saxon Wall, but is so unsettled by the strange events going on that he calls in Mrs Bradley. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021699 Sirsi, Raebareli Sirsi is a village in Dih block of Rae Bareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 25 km from Raebareli, the district headquarters. As of 2011, it has a population of 1,395 people, in 261 households. It has one primary school and no healthcare facilities, and it hosts both a permanent market and a weekly haat. It belongs to the nyaya panchayat of Birnawan. The 1951 census recorded Sirsi as comprising 6 hamlets, with a total population of 462 people (241 male and 221 female), in 108 households and 96 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 684 acres. 7 residents were literate, all male. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Rokha and the thana of Nasirabad. The 1961 census recorded Sirsi as comprising 4 hamlets, with a total population of 455 people (229 male and 226 female), in 102 households and 102 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 684 acres. The 1981 census recorded Sirsi as having a population of 759 people, in 171 households, and having an area of 276.81 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice. The 1991 census recorded Sirsi as having a total population of 711 people (378 male and 333 female), in 142 households and 142 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 263 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 152, or 21% of the total; this group was 59% male (89) and 41% female (63). Members of scheduled castes made up 55% of the village's population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 25% (146 men and 31women). 245 people were classified as main workers (184 men and 61 women), while 40 people were classified as marginal workers (all women); the remaining 426 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 142 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 87 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 0 workers in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 3 household industry workers; 2 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 1 construction worker; 0 employed in trade and commerce; 0 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 10 in other services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021710 History of Berliner FC Dynamo (2004-present) Consolidation in the NOFV-Oberliga and rise (2004-2014). Mario Weinkauf era (2004-2006). BFC Dynamo finished the 2003-04 Verbandsliga Berlin in first place and qualified for the NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The former professional player of BFC Dynamo Christian Backs became the new coach from 1 June 2004. President Mike Peters announced that he would not stand for re-election and Mario Weinkauf was elected new club president on 18 June 2004. Weinkauf played in the old men's team and had earlier been a youth trainer at the club. Weinkauf was also one of the seven founding members who had recently set up the sponsor association for the youth department. His vision for BFC Dynamo was a club that was managed seriously from a sporting and financial perspective. The club was in need of a new main sponsor and the company Infinity-Net Telekom GmbH became new shirt sponsor for the 2004-05 season. The team was also joined by forward Dennis Kutrieb from SV Lichtenberg 47 and midfielder Maurice Jacobsen from Reinickendorfer Fuchse. Striker Tomasz Suwary continued to be a key player in the squad. The match between SV Babelsberg 03 and BFC Dynamo in 2004-05 NOFV Oberliga-Nord at the Karl-Liebknecht-Stadion on 14 August 2004 ended with riots. Supporters of BFC Dynamo invaded the pitch after the final whistle and hostilities between the two sets of supporters continued outside the stadium. However, the club management simultaneously engaged in several activities to try to improve the club's image. The Federal Centre for Health Education (BZgA) was invited to present its campaign against alcohol at the Stadion im Sportforum before the match against FC Schonberg 95 on 4 September 2004. The Kita-Project now looked after about 300-700 children per month. The club had also created a special block in the main grandstand of the stadium with free admission for young people under 16 years. BFC Dynamo surpassed its goal for the first half of the 2004-05 season. The club had about 1,000 spectators on average per game during the first half of the season. The team only lost the match against the first placed reserve team of FC Hansa Rostock and stood in sixth place after the first half of the season. Dirk Vollmar left for SV 1919 Bernbach during the winter break. Fighting between supporters of BFC Dynamo and police broke out during the match between Tennis Borussia Berlin and BFC Dynamo at the Mommsenstadion on 11 February 2005. The police had decided to intervene against away supporters after a fare had been lit in the guest block. Police officers were pelted with beer mugs and attacked by suppoters of BFC Dynamo when they entered the guest block. The club management announced on 23 February 2005 that the club would not apply for a license for Regionalliga Nordost, despite the team being in third place in the league. The financial consolidation was not yet complete. President Weinkauf announced that only basic compensation could be paid to players. Victory bonuses were still open. Coach Christian Backs then chose to leave for Berliner AK 07 due to financial disagreements with the club. He signed a one-year contract with Berliner AK 07 for the coming season and was given a leave of absence by BFC Dynamo. Assistant coach Rajko Fijalek and goalkeeping coach Bodo Rudwaleit temporarily took over as co-coaches. BFC Dynamo finished 2004-05 NOFV-Oberliga in sixth place. Dennis Kutrieb left for SC Rot-Weiss Oberhausen and Maurice Jacobsen for Berliner AK 07 after the season. Jurgen Piepenburg was the new coach for the 2005-06 season. He had played for FC Vorwarts Berlin during the East German era and had earlier served as coach of the reserve team of BFC Dynamo. The budget for the new season was 300,000 Euros. Jens-Uwe Zophel returned from Ludwigsfelder FC. The team was also joined by defender Nico Paepke from SV Lichtenberg 47. Key players in the team were Jens-Uwe Zophel, Danny Kukulies, Nico Tomaschwski, Robert Rudwaleit, Falk Jarling and veteran Jorn Lenz. BFC Dynamo planned to play a training match against a selection from the police on 24 July 2005. However, the match was canceled for security reasons. President Weinkauf accused hooligans of planning to disrupt the match. BFC was debt free before the 2005-06 season and the club founded a new spin-off company for business purposes. The club negotiated with a new potential main sponsor from the energy sector during the summer. The company United Sol Energy was planning to establish itself in Berlin. The company's representative in Berlin was the former goalkeeper of FC Bayern Munich Jean-Marie Pfaff. United Sol Energy was presented as the club's new main sponsor before the first league match of the season. The sponsorship contract would amount to approximately 150,000-200,000 Euros and extend over five years. Pfaff became a member of BFC Dynamo. He wanted to establish a new youth sports school at the club. The new school was supposed to bear his name. BFC Dynamo met SV Yesilyurt at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark in the first match day of 2005-06 NOFV-Oberliga Nord on 5 August 2005. The match ended 2-1 to SV Yesilyurt. Violence broke out between supporters of BFC Dynamo and police after the match. As many as thirteen police officers were injured in the riots. 2005-06 NOFV-Oberliga Nord would mean new derby matches against 1. FC Union Berlin. The two teams had not met since 2003-04 Berlin Cup on 24 March 2001. BFC Dynamo lost 1-2 at home to Ludwigsfelder FC on 12 August 2005. Both Danny Kukulies and Philipp Wanski were sent off and were suspended for the upcoming derby 1 FC Union Berlin. And regular goalkeeper Nico Tomaschweski was injured. The police carried out a controversial operation against supporters of BFC Dynamo before the derby. More than 300 police officers raided the discotheque Jeton in Friedrichshain, where supporters of BFC Dynamo and others had gathered on the night of 20 August 2005. The large-scale operation included about 100 members of SEK. 158 people were arrested, including 19 Category C supporters and 22 Category B supporters. Up to 39 people were injured in the raid. Also bystanders were affected. The police claimed that they had been pelted with bottles and furniture, but later admitted that they had not met met any resistance. The police had allegedly beaten defenseless people. President Weinkauf found the police operation so excessive that he considered not letting the team play the derby. Fan representative Rainer Ludtke and supporter group 79er organized a fund to provide assistance to those arrested. The BFC Dynamo players voted to cancel the match, but chose by a small majority to play. One of the players who wanted to protest by canceling the match was Hendryk Lau. BFC Dynamo lost 8-0 in front of 14,020 spectators at the Stadion an der Alten Forsterei on 21 August 2005. Around 4,000 supporters of BFC Dynamo attended the match. More than 1,000 police officers were deployed to the derby and the match was played without disturbances. The defeat to 1. FC Union Berlin was the third defeat in three matches days for BFC Dynamo. Coach Jurgen Piepenburg was released from his duties after the match. Assistant coach Fijalek and goalkeeping coach Rudwaleit again took over as interim co-coaches. Fijalek then became officially became the new coach, while Rudwaleit continued as assistant coach. BFC Dynamo lost the first five matches of the 2005-06 NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The team took its first win in the sixth match day against the reserve team of FC Hansa Rostock on 17 September 2005. The players of BFC Dynamo now played with the logo of United Sol Energy on the shirts, but the club had not yet received any payment from the company. It now became clear that no money would come. But President Weinkauf insisted that the budget for the season was not threatened. Club spokesman Yannis Kaufmann resigned from all posts in September 2005 after disagreements with the club over the view on sponsors. He had also served in the presidium and the Economic Council. Kaufmann could not accept that the club received sponsorship money from companies with alleged links to Hells Angels. One of those companies was allegedly the jewelry store Odings Klinge, which belonged to the restaurant Germanenhof in Neu-Hohenschonhausen. Andre Sommer was considered the strong man in the background. However, the club was in need of sponsors. President Weinkauf explained that these structures had grown over time and could only be dissolved gradually. Nevertheless, he opposed the claim that Odins Klinge was a sponsor and claimed that it was only about a couple of hundred Euros in payment for another company. BFC Dynamo stood at sixth place in 2005-06 NOFV-Oberliga Nord after the first half of the season. Danny Kukulies left for MSV Neuruppin during the winter break. BFC Dynamo turned 40 years on 16 January 1966. The anniversary was celebrated with a party for supporters with 750 guests. The club management under President Weinkauf worked to ensure that the club was no longer associated with hooligans and the far-right scene. The Israeli fashion brand JetLag became a new sponsor for the second half of the season. The sponsorship contravt was allegedly worth 70,000 Euros. President Weinkauf also planned a training camp in Israel for next season. The club now also decided not to extend the sponsorship agreements with several controversial sponsors. The index included several companies with links to Hells Angels. President Weinkauf also worked to win back the rights to the club's East German crest. The rights to the crest was held by the company RA-BE Immobilien- und Handelsgesellschaft mbH. The company was controlled by Rayk Bernt. BFC Dynamo offered 5,000 Euros for the crest, but was turned down. The lawyer of RA-BE Immobilien- und Handelsgesellschaft mbH claimed that the crest was now worth 600,000 Euros. The club was instead offered a right of use for a license fee. However, President Weinkauf thought that the company should instead surrender the rights to the crest directly. In return, he could offer a profit sharing arrangement that would gradually decrease over five years. BFC Dynamo met local rival 1. FC Union Berlin at Stadion im Sportforum on 13 May 2006. The match was attended by 6,471 spectators. The score was then 1-1 when about 200 supporters of BFC Dynamo invaded the pitch to stortm the guest block. Supporters of 1. FC Union Berlin fled in panic. The match was cancelled and 1. FC Union Berlin was awarded a 2-0 victory. BFC Dynamo coach Fijalek concluded afterwards: "It's bitter, the sport was badly trampled on today". As many as 1,000 police officers had been employed to the match. President Weinkauf initially accused the police of failing to maintain security, but later apologized for the riots and explained that the match stewards had not been sufficiently prepared for the task. BFC Dynamo decided on their own initiative to play the following match at Stadion im Sportforum against FC Anker Wismar behind closed doors. The players of BFC Dynamo wore the motto "No power of violence" on their shirts in the match against BFC Prussia away on 17 May 2006. The NOFV Sports Court sentenced the club to a fine of 2,000 Euros. The Stadion im Sportforum was also closed for matches in NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The stadium needed a new fence to increase security. BFC Dynamo met SV Babelsberg 03 away in the last match day of the league season on 27 May 2006. More than 1,000 supporters of BFC Dynamo accompanied the team to Potsdam. The team defeated SV Babelsberg 0-1 after a late goal by Jorn Lenz. BFC Dynamo finished 2005-06 NOFV-Oberliga in sixth place. Jens-Uwe Zophel left for MSV 19 Rudersdorf and Philipp Wanski left for Hallescher FC after the season. Rise of Peter Meyer (2006-2007). BFC Dynamo recruited the Croatian defender Robert Pocrnic from SV Yesilyurt for the 2006-07 season. BFC Dynamo had been forced to move its home matches to the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark, as the Stadion im Sportforum was closed until considered safe again. The new season started better than the previous one. However, the riots in connection with the match against 1. FC Union Berlin on 13 May 2006 had far-reaching financial consequences for the club. Potential sponsors aborted their negotiations with the club. JetLag, which had extended its sponsorship agreement by one year during the spring, now terminated the sponsorship agreement completely. Treasurer Sven Radicke concluded: "Four years of our work were ruined in five minutes". BFC Dynamo was once again in financial crisis. There was now a gap of about about 150,000 Euros in the annual budget of 350,000 Euros. Club management initiated a program to save the club's finances. New members and smaller sponsors would be recruited. And players had to forego two monthly salaries and 20 percent of their salary. Coach Fijalek resigned with immediate effect on 8 September 2006. Bodo Rudwaleit initially took over the training on interim basis, but then he resigned as well. Nico Tomaschweski and Jorn Lenz then took over as playing co-coaches. The new strong man in BFC Dynamo was Peter Meyer. He was the owner of the company Infinity-Net Telekom GmbH. Infinity-Net Telekom GmbH had been a main sponsor of the club since the 2004-05 season. The company made new financial contributions to fill budget holes at the start of the season. Meyer became the club's savior as sponsor. However, he was also controversial. Meyer had a background in the hooligan scene and was accused of having been involved in violence after the match against SV Babelsberg 03 on 14 August 2004. However, Meyer had been acquitted in court. Ingo Rentzsch became the new coach at the end of October 2006. He had been the interim coach in 1999, but resigned in the first half of the match against 1. FC Union Berlin on 8 May 1999 due to irritation over Club President Volkmar Wanski. Several players suffered injuries during the autumn, including Tomasz Suwary, Nico Tomaschewsky, Jorn Lenz, Aleksandar Marjanovic and Falk Jarling. The team was strengthened by several players during the winter break. One of the players recruited was forward Christian Ritter from VfL Sportfreunde Lotte. In addition, Dennis Kutrieb and Davor Krznaric returned to the team. The supporters of BFC Dynamo had collected two thirds of the transfer fee for Dennis Kutrieb. BFC Dynamo participated in the twenty-ninth edition of the annual indoor tournament for all clubs from Berlin in the NOFV-Oberliga in Sporthalle Charlottenburg at the beginning of the year. The team was eliminated in the preliminary round. Coach Rentzsch was released from his duties in a mutual agreement on 12 January 2007. It was the fifth change of coach in six months. The team had only achieved four 1-1 results and three losses during his seven matches in the league. Rentzsch was replaced by Nico Tomaschewski and Jorn Lenz as playing co-coaches. Internal power struggle (2007). BFC Dynamo reached the semifinals of the 2006-07 Berlin Cup. A possible final against 1. FC Union Berlin loomed. However, the team lost the semifinals 2-3 against Kopenicker SV at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 7 March 2007. Turkish-born Volkan Uluc then became the new coach. His debut was a 0-0 draw away against Lichterfelder FC on 10 March 2007. It was the fourth change of coach for the season. BFC Dynamo defeated Turkiyemspor Berlin 5-1 on 14 April 2007 and SV Yesilyurt 1-4 on 26 April 2007. The team had captured 24 out of 36 possible points in the remaining 12 matches after the arrival of coach Uluc. BFC Dynamo finally finished 2006-07 NOFV-Oberliga Nord in tenth place and retained its place in the league. The contract with Uluc was then extended by one year. Tomasz Suwary left for VSG Altglienicke and Davor Krznaric left for SV Grun-Weiss Lindow after the season. The club was to hold a general meeting on 23 June 2007. A power struggle had developed between the main sponsor Meyer and President Weinkauf. Weinkauf wanted move up to the Regionalliga Nordost with the help of a new major sponsor. The new sponsor would have already transferred an initial sum of approximately 300,000 Euros to the club's spin-off company BFC Dynamo Wirtschafts GmbH. The new sponsor had agreed to support the club for three years, provided that Weinkauf continues as president. But Weinkauf did not want to reveal the identity of the new sponsor until 23 June 2007. Before that, he also planned to buy back the rights to the club's East German crest with the help of the new sponsor. It was originally only the election of a new Economic Council that was waiting for the annual meeting. But the incumbent president could also be removed in a vote of no-confidence. Meyer rejected the new sponsor and wanted to remove Weinkauf in a vote of no-confidence at the annual meeting. Meyer had saved the club from financial collapse during the season and advocated a gradual financial recovery. He also thought that the club should simply design a new club crest, if the East German crest could not be won back before a possible promotion to Regionalliga Nordost. President Weinkauf resigned at a meeting with the presidium on 22 June 2007. Former club president Volkmar Wanski was simultaneously co-opted to the presidium and elected as a provisional successor to Weinkauf. Wanski was more popular than Weinkauf among supporters and chose to engage himself in order to save the sponsor that had been recruited by Weinkauf. However, Weinkauf and Vice-president Andreas Deilert were voted out by a large majority after a vote of no confidence at the annual meeting on 23 June 2007. 280 club members participated in the meeting. Meyer and all six of his candidates were elected to the Economic Council by a clear majority. Meyer became the chairman of Economic Council. He thus practically became club manager. It was questioned whether the presidency of Wanski was compatible with club statutes. Wanski resigned as interim president after only six days. Consolidation (2007-2010). The company of Peter Meyer was the club's main sponsor. It was also the club's largest creditor with 115,000 Euros. BFC Dynamo allegedly had debts of approximately 165,000 Euros at the beginning of the 2007-08 season. The company of Peter Mayer had taken over the club's debts to third parties, which were then converted into a loan arrangement. Meyer also sponsored the club with tens of thousands of Euros out of his own pocket. The Economic Council under Meyer launched Frank Berton as interim president. He was elected as a new provisional member of the presidium by the Economic council and presented as the new president on 28 June 2007. Berton had previously served as office manager () at BFC Dynamo. Weinkauf confirmed that the 300,000 Euros previously transferred to the club by one of the potential new sponsors had been returned. One of the companies that was part of the group of investors that had been won by Weinkauf was the Swiss company Treasure AG. One of its co-owners was Thomas Thiel. Thiel had previously bought the rights to the club's East German crest, as part of the plan to win back the former crest. Treasure AG had allegedly wanted to invest 1.5 million Euros in the club over the next few years. However, president Berton criticized the company for not wanting to put the cards on the table and club members considered the company's business as suspicious. Weinkauf would be contacted by the former president of Tennis Borussia Berlin Peter Anthony. Treasure AG became a sponsor of Tennis Borussia Berlin instead and Weinkauf would later become president of that club. A scandal would later occur around Tennis Borussia Berlin and Treasure AG when Thiel began serving a prison sentence in 2009 for sexually abusing a minor child. The Turkish company Gokis Getrankegrosshandel became a new shirt sponsor for the 2007-08 season. The sponsorship contract was worth 25,000 Euros. BFC Dynamo recruited midfielder Sebastian Ilic from Reinickendorfer Fuchse as well as forward Christian Rauch and midfielder Max Gerhard from Ludwigsfelder FC. The Chairman of the Economic Council Peter Meyer wanted to rehabilitate the club. BFC Dynamo played a friendly match against Hertha BSC at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 31 July 2007. The match was played under the motto "Against violence and racism". A banner on the pitch displayed the motto. A comprehensive security concept hade been developed for the match. Meyer stated that the club did not want people who cannot follow the rules and that anyone who shouts Nazi slogans will be thrown out of the stadium. The first half of the 2007-08 NOFV-Oberliga Nord was quite successful. The team had been unbeaten in eleven straight league matches before the last last match day of the first half of the season. One loss to SV Yesilyurt had been uncounted for because SV Yesilyurt had withdrawn from the league due to financial problems and plans for a merger with Berliner AK 07. About 1,200 supporters of BFC Dynamo traveled to Rostock to support the team in the last match day before the winter break against FC Hansa Rostock II on 8 December 2008. The match ended in a 1-1 draw. BFC Dynamo had only suffered one loss during the first half of the season and was in second place in the league before the winter break. The contract with coach Uluc was extended to 2011. The team eventually finished 2007-08 NOFV-Oberliga in fifth place. Jorn Lenz retired and Dennis Kutrieb left for Ludwigsfelder FC after the season. Lenz had played a total of 374 matches in BFC Dynamo since 1988, according to club statistics. He had been a key player in the team since the late nineties, with the exception of a break at VfB Leipzig, and would continue in the club as team manager. Midfielder Danny Kukulies returned to BFC Dynamo for the 2008-09 season. He most recently came from Tennis Borussia Berlin. Kukulies had scored a total of 33 goals for BFC Dynamo in the 2003-04 Verbandsliga Berlin. The team was also joined by forward Christian Preiss from Lichterfelder FC, forward Kevin Meinhardt from Ludwigsfelder FC, midfielder Guido Spork from 1. FC Union Berlin, midfielder Tobias Kurbjuweit from Kopenicker SC and offensive midfielder Daniel Petrowsky from Tennis Borussia Berlin. Goalkeeper Nico Tomaschewski was injured at the start of the season. Goalkeeper Nico Hinz was recruited from SSV Markranstadt as a replacement. BFC Dynamo started the season successfully. The team was undefeated in the first 10 match days of the league season. Forward Christian Ritter was absent during the autumn. He would later announce in an interview with B.Z. that he no longer saw any point in football and had instead taken a job as a painter. He earned only a few hundred Euros per month on football, but trained seven days a week. Norbert Uhlig was elected new club president at the annual meeting on 11 October 2008. Uhlig came from West Berlin and had been a member of BFC Dynamo for two years. He had come to the club through Peter Meyer. Uhlig had played football for Berliner SV 1892 and the corporate team of insurance provider AOK in his youth. The good start to the season was followed by a series of losses at the end of the autumn. BFC Dynamo met Tennis Borussia Berlin away in the last match day of the first half of the league season on 7 December 2008. There were about 1,300 supporters of BFC Dynamo in the guest block at Mommsenstadion. More than 500 police officers were deployed to the match. BFC Dynamo took the lead in the first half. But Tennis Bourssia equalized quickly and then took control of the match. Someone in the guest block threw a banger onto the pitch. A supporter of BFC Dynamo then tried to climb the fence at the end of the match. He was pulled down by another supporter of BFC Dynamo. Match stewards of BFC Dynamo intervened and arrested the supporter that had climbed the fence. A second banger was thrown onto the pitch. The police now suddenly decided to storm the away section with truncheons and tear gas. Also bystanders got in the way of the police and were harmed. The Chairman of the Economic Council Peter Meyer tried to mediate, but was sprayed with tear gas as well. A total of 58 people were injured, including seven police officers. Club President Uhlig accused the police operation of being "disproportionate". He also accused the police of having also beaten sex to eight-year-old children and women. A controversial film from the police operation was spread on the internet. The film showed how two police officers confronted a supporter of BFC Dynamo who was standing by and talking on a mobile phone. One of the policemen then attacked the supporter with his fists for no apparent reason. He then also hit the other supporter that standing next to him. A criminal investigation was launched against the police officer. The team eventually lost 4-2 against Tennis Borussia Berlin. BFC Dynamo finished the first half of the league season in second place. However, the team was now 14 points behind the leading Tennis Borussia Berlin. Vice-president Thomas Heilmann-Kern resigned in mid-December 2008 due to differences within the presidium. Heilmann-Kern was also shirt sponsor with his company Unitec GmbH. However, he continued as a sponsor of club. The Bundesliga team FC Energie Cottbus cancelled the friendly match that was planned to be played on 24 February 2009. The club had been adviced by the police not to play the match due to alleged risk. BFC Dynamo organized a tournament for traditional teams in the Dynamo-Sporthalle in the Sportforum Hohenschonhausen at the beginning of January 2009. Traditional teams from Hertha BSC, 1. FC Union Berlin, 1. FC Magdeburg, 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and FC Energie Cottbus participated. Former players such as Roland Jungling, Bernd Brillat, Bernd Schulz, Heiko Brestrich, Hendryk Lau, Jens-Uwe Zophel and Denis Kozlow joined the team of BFC Dynamo. The traditional team of BFC Dynamo won the tournament undefeated. The supporter scene of BFC Dynamo initiated a boycott of the team's away matches for second half of the league season. The reason was that supporters felt exposed to constant retaliation during away matches. Coach Uluc announced at the end of February 2009 that he will not continue as coach after the season. BFC Dynamo thus began a search for a new coach. The young midfielder Matthias Steinborn made his first appearance for the first team of BFC Dynamo in NOFV-Oberliga-Nord against Brandenburger SC Sud 05 on 14 March 2009. Steinborn had been brought up in the youth department of BFC Dynamo and had recently played for the BFC Dynamo U19 team. The club was finally able to announce at end of March 2009 that Christian Backs will return as coach for the next season. Backs would initially serve as coach for 12 months. However, Uluc announced his immediate withdrawal on 2 April 2009. Assistant coach Hakan Pinar then took over as interim coach, with the help of goalkeeping coach Bodo Rudwaleit and team manager Jorn Lenz. BFC Dynamo defeated Tennis Borussia Berlin 1-0 at home on the last match day on 7 June 2009. The team finished the 2008-09 NOFV-Oberliga Nord in second place. Christian Rauch left for Ludwigsfelder FC after the season. Christian Backs was the new coach for the 2009-10 season. BFC Dynamo recruited forward Nico Patschinski for the season. Patschinski had played for the youth teams of BFC Dynamo in the late 1980s. The team was also joined by forward Firat Karaduman from Tennis Borussia Berlin, midfielder Kardil Erdil from Reinickendorfer Fuchse and defender Amadeus Wallschlager from FC Carl Zeiss Jena. Danny Kukulies and Robert Rudwaleit left the team for BFC Viktoria 1889 at the start of the season. BFC Dynamo played with a new crest from the 2009-10 season. The situation around the club's East German crest had been uncertain. BFC Dynamo still did not own the rights to the crest. The legal situation around the East German crest would have caused problems if club was promoted to the Regionalliga Nordost. The main competitor in 2009-10 NOFV-Oberliga Nord would FC Energie Cottbus II. BFC Dynamo hosted FC Energie Cottbus II at home in the fifth match day on 12 September 2009. The team won the match 3-0. Kurbjuweit, Karaduman and Patschinski scored one goal each. BFC Dynamo got off to a successful start to the season. The team lost only one match in the first 14 match days and stood at first place in the league. BFC Dynamo was four points ahead of FC Energie Cottbus II this point. The team suffered a disappointing 2-4 loss away against TSG Neustrelitz in the last match day before the winter break on 6 December 2009. BFC Dynamo neverless ended the first half of the league season as Herbstmeister. But the lead over FC Eergie Cottbus II was now only one point. BFC Dynamo recruited goalkeeper Daniel Rothe from Turkiyemspor Berlin during the winter break. Due to the weather, several matches had to be postponed at the beginning of the year. The second half of the league season therefore began with the top match against FC Energie Cottbus II on 13 March 2010. Approximately 2,000 supporters of BFC Dynamo traveled to the match. Many traveled in their own organized special train. BFC Dynamo lost the match 0-2 in front of 2,930 spectators at the Stadion der Freundchaft. Coach Backs was dismissed shortly before Easter.Heiko Bonan returned to the club as new coach. The team defeated Ludwigsfelder FC 0-3 away in his first match as new coch on 1 April 2010. The team had gained new impetus and also won the next two matches. However, points were lost in the following matches. The team suffered a bitter 0-4 loss at home against Torgelower SV Greif on 24 April 2010. BFC Dynamo eventually finished 2009-10 NOFV-Oberliga Nord as runners-up, eight points behind the winner FC Energie Cottbus II. Firat Karaduman scored 18 goals and Nico Patschinski scored 14 goals during the league season. BFC Dynamo reached the final or the 2009-10 Berlin Cup. The team lost the final 2-1 against Berliner AK at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 2 June 2010. About 100-150 supporters of BFC Dynamo attempted to invaded the pitch after the final whistle. Match stewards and players of BFC Dynamo tried to hold back supporters. One of the players who placed himself in the way of the supporters that were attepting to invade the pitch was goalkeeper Nico Tomaschweski. Visiting Polish fans of Pogon Szczecin were allegedly linked to the riots. Nico Patschinski left for SV Eintracht Trier 05, Firat Karaduman and Kardil Erdil for Turkiyemspor Berlin and Guido Spork for Brandenburger SC Sud 05 after the season. Longtime goalkeeper Thomaschewski also decided to take a break from his playing career after the season. He had been a goalkeeper in BFC Dynamo since the 1999-00 season, with only a short break at SV Babelsberg 03 after the opening of the insolvency proceedings at the end of 2001. Thomaschweski would continue as goalkeeping coach for some time during the 2010-11 season. Rise (2010-2013). BFC Dynamo recruited forward Richard Steiner from SG Union 1919 Klosterfelde and midfielder Kevin Gutsche from the Reinickendorfer Fuchse U19 team for the 2010-11 season. Matthias Steinborn was now a regular player in the team. BFC Dynamo was initially banned from the 2010-11 Berlin cup by the Berlin Football Association (BFV) Sports Court following the riots in the final of the 2009-10 Berlin Cup. However, the club successfully appealed the decision. The BFV Association Sports Court lifted the ban and instead sentenced the club to a fine of 2,000 Euros. BFC Dynamo would be up against the reserve team of arch rival 1. FC Union Berlin in the 2010-11 NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The team lost the first match against 1. FC Union Berlin II 2-1 away at the Stadion an der Alten Forsterei in the second match day on 22 August 2010. Firat Karaduman returned from Turkiyemspor Berlin during the winter break. The team was also joined by goalkeeper Nico Hildebrand from Hertha BSC II. BFC Dynamo also lost the return match against 1. FC Union Berlin II 0-1 at home at the Stadion im Sportforum on 11 February 2011. The results in the league were mediocre. However, the team had success in the Berlin Cup. BFC Dynamo defeated Berliner AK 07 2-1 in overtime in the round of 16 in the 2010-11 Berliner Cup at the Stadion im Sportfrum on 23 March 2011. BFC Dynamo then easily brushed away Berliner SC and Turkiyemspor Berlin in the quarterfinals and the semifinals. The team defeated Ludwigsfelder FC 7-2 at home in the last match day of the league season on 29 May 2011. BFC Dynamo eventually finished 2010-11 NOFV-Oberliga in 7th place. Matthias Steinborn scored 15 goals in the league. BFC The team hade once again reached the final of the Berlin Cup. The team defeated SFC Stern 1900 2-0 in the final of the 2010-11 Berlin Cup in front of 5,100 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 8 June 2011. Alexander Rahmig and Steinborn scored one goal each. BFC Dynamo was thereby qualified for the 2011-12 DFB-Pokal. BFC Dynamo recruited Polish defender Maciej Kwiatkowski from KS Promien Zary, forward Shergo Biran from 1. FC Magdeburg and French forward Ibrahima Sory Cisse from SV Altludersdorf. BFC Dynamo was drawn against 1. FC Kaiserslautern from the Bundesliga in the first round 2011-12 DFB-Pokal. The team lost 0-3 to 1. FC Kaiserslautern in front of 10,104 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 30 July 2011. Serious riots broke out when around 200-300 supporters of BFC Dynamo stormed the guest block after the final whistle. 18 policemen and many supporters from Kaiserslautern were injured. The Chairman of Economic Council Peter Meyer openly expressed his embarrassment and disappointment at the behavior of some supporters and publicly apologized. BFC Dynamo was to play against Lichterfelder FC away in the opening match of the 2011-12 NOFV-Oberliga Nord. Lichterfelder FC initially considered cancelling the match, over concerns that security could no be guaranteed. The club finally decided that the match should be played. The team defeated Lichterfelder FC 0-4 in the opening match of the league season on 7 August 2011. However, the results would be meager in subsequent matches. Coach Heiko Bonan resigned on 26 August 2011. He had chosen to join Al Hilal SFC in Saudi Arabia as an assistant coach. Al-Hilal was coached by BFC Dynamo legend Thomas Doll at the time. Assistant coach Rene Gritschke initially took over the training as interim coach. Igor Lazic then became the new coach. BFC Dynamo lost 2-4 away to 1. FC Union Berlin II on the eighth match day on 2 October 2011. Coach Lazic was dismissed after only 11 matches in the NOFV-Oberliga and a cup match on 5 December 2011. Gritschke again took over as interim coach. Goalkeeper Daniel Rothe left for Ludwigsfelder FC, forwards Firat Karaduman and Richard Steiner for Reinickendorfer Fuchse and midfielder Alexander Rahmig for FC Strausberg during the winter break. BFC Dynamo once again lost the return match against 1. FC Union Berlin 0-1 at home at the Stadion im Sportforum on 26 March 2012. BFC Dynamo finished 2011-12 NOFV-Oberliga Nord in thirteenth place. Nico Hildebrand left for Berliner AK 07, Amadeus Wallschlager left for FSV Union Furstenwalde and Ibrahima Sory Cisse and returned to SV Altludersdorf after the season. Shergo Biran also ended his career after the season. Volkan Uluc returned as coach for the 2012-13 season. BFC Dynamo also recruited goalkeeper Carsten Busch from FSV 63 Luckenwalde, midfielder Bjorn Brunnemann from Berliner AK 07, defender Christof Kohne from 1. FC Magdeburg and defender Patrick Brendel from ZFC Meuselwitz for the season. Forward Christian Preiss returned from Torgelower SV Greif and Nico Patschinski returned from SC Victoria Hamburg. The team only lost on match during the first 14 match days. BFC Dynamo was among the top teams in the table. The season proved to be a tight race between BFC Viktoria 1889, FSV Union Furstenwalde and BFC Dynamo during the first half of the season. BFC Dynamo defeated BFC Viktoria 1889 5-7 away after penalty shoot-out in the semifinals of the 2012-13 Berlin Cup in front of 1,275 spectators at Friedrich-Ebert-Stadion on 29 May 2013. BFC Dynamo eventuellay finished 2012-13 NOFV-Oberliga Nord in third place. BFC Dynamo then defeated SV Lichtenberg 1-0 in the final of the 2012-13 Berlin Cup in front of 6,381 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 12 June 2013. The winning goal was scored by Kevin Gutsche. The attendance set a new record for the Berlin Cup final since German reunification. Matthias Steinborn left the team for 1. FC Magdeburg, Nico Patschinski for Niendorfer TSV and Carsten Busch for RSV Eintracht Teltow after the season. Nico Paepke also left the first team after the season. Paepke first came to the club during the 1993-94 season. He had joined U15 team of FC Berlin and was once trained by Martin Skaba. Paepke would continue to play for the reserve team of BFC Dynamo in the Berlin-Liga. Promotion to Regionalliga (2013-2014). BFC Dynamo recruited goalkeeper Stephan Flauder from FC Erzgebirge Aue, Senegalese forward Djibril N'Diaye and Croatian midfielder Denis Novacic from Torgelower SV Greif, midfielder Lukas Rehbein from SV Lichtenberg 47 and defender Philipp Haastrup from Willem II for the 2013-14 season. Lukas Rehbein was the son of the former BFC Dynamo player Dirk Rehbein, who played for FC Berlin in the early 1990s and then again for BFC Dynamo in the late 1990s. BFC Dynamo played 1. FC Magdeburg from the Regionalliga Nordost in a friendly match at the Stadion im Sportforum on 20 July 2013. The team defeated 1. FC Magdeburg 2-0. BFC Dynamo was qualified for the 2013-14 DFB-Pokal as the winner of the 2012-13 Berlin Cup. BFC Dynamo was drawn against VfB Stuttgart from the Bundesliga in the first round. The match was played in front of 9,227 spectators at the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark on 4 August 2013. Christof Kohne was close to scoring 1-0 for BFC Dynamo after hitting the inner goal post in the 31st minute. Vedad Ibisevic would instead win the match for VfB Stuttgart with one goal in the 40th minute and then one penalty goal in the 75th minute. BFC Dynamo eventually lost the match 0-2. The team had a very successful start to the 2013-14 NOFV-Oberliga Nord. Forward N'Diaye quickly become a crowd favorite and would be known under the nickname "Dieter". About 700 supporters travelled by a special train to Greifswald to support the team during the away match against FC Pommern Greifswald in the 10th match day on 27 October 2013. BFC Dynamo would dominate the league. The team had captured 14 wins and played one draw during the first 15 match days of the league season. The draw came against SV Lichtenberg 47 in the sixth match day. BFC Dynamo led the league with 15 points after the first half of the league season. The team continued to win during the second half of the season. BFC Dynamo led the league with 25 points with nine match days left of season. The league championship was secured on the 22nd match day, after chasing Brandenburger SC Sud 05 had played a draw and could no longer catch up. BFC Dynamo had finally won promotion to the fourth tier Regionalliga Nordost after 10 years in the NOFV-Oberliga. The club announced that the team will move its home matches to the Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark for the Regionalliga Nordost. Young goalkeeper Kevin Sommer made his first appearance for the first team of BFC Dynamo in the NOFV-Oberliga against Torgelower SV Greif on 18 April 2014. The team won the match 3-1. Kevin Sommer had been brought up in the youth department of BFC Dynamo. BFC Dynamo finished the 2013-14 NOFV-Oberliga unbeaten. BFC Dynamo finished 34 points ahead of runners-up Brandenburger SC Sud 05. The team achieved a goal difference of 65 in the league. Christian Preiss scored 15 goals and Djibril N'Diaye scored 12 goals. Denis Novacic left the team for VSG Altglienicke after the season. Regionalliga (2014-present). The team from the successful 2013-14 season mostly stayed intact. Following promotion, BFC Dynamo finished the 2014-15 Regionalliga season in fifth place. During the season, coach Volkan Uluc was replaced by former Hamburger SV player and coach of SSV Jahn Regensburg, Thomas Stratos. Under Stratos, BFC Dynamo secured yet another Berlin Cup trophy, thus qualifying again for the DFB-Pokal. The crowd of 6,914 spectators during the 2015 cup final against Tasmania Berlin (1-0 victory) at the Friedrich Ludwig Jahn Sportpark set another record for a Berlin Cup final. The 2014-15 season marked the return of the club to live television (the DFB-Pokal cup matches against Kaiserslautern in 2011 and Stuttgart in 2013 were shown by German pay TV) with its Regionalliga matches against Carl Zeiss Jena and Magdeburg being broadcast by Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk television. The 2015 DFB-Pokal match was lost 0:2 against 2. Bundesliga side FSV Frankfurt. Rockenbach da Silva missed a penalty for BFC. Rene Rydlewicz, a former Bundesliga player who had started his career at the club, took over as BFC coach in May 2016. The Regionalliga seasons 2015-16 and 2016-17 brought mixed results. However, BFC secured another Berlin Cup title in 2017, thus qualifying for DFB-Pokal season 2017-18. Schalke was drawn as first-round opponent for the match scheduled 14 August 2017, when 14,117 spectators watched a 0-2 loss. BFC Dynamo finished the Regionalliga season 2017-18 4th and once again qualified for the DFB-Pokal. The club was drawn to play 1. FC Koln in the first round. Owing to the loss of key players such as Kai Proger, Denis Srbeny and Rufat Dadashov in 2017 and 2018 the BFC squad was significantly weakened and eventually lost 1-9. Matthias Maucksch replaced coach Rene Rydlewicz in January 2019, but stepped down after the end of the 2018-19 season. He was replaced by Christian Benbennek. The 2020-21 Regionalliga Nordost season was interrupted after the 12th match day due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The team lost several players during the break. Center back Philipp Blume was released from his contract in December 2020. Midfielder Lucas Brumme was transferred to SV Wehen Wiesbaden and forward Benjamin Forster was transferred to ZFC Meuselwitz in January 2021. BFC Dynamo announced on 21 March that the team was going to move back to the Sportforum for the next season. Head coach Christian Benbennek extended his contract with the club one year on 27 April. The 2020-21 season was finally ended by the Northeastern German Football Association (NOFV) on 16 April. The final league standing was decided by a quotidient and BFC Dynano finished the season on sixth place. The remainder of the 2020-21 Berlin Cup had also been interrupted, but the Berlin Football Association (BFV) decided on 21 April that the cup was going to be played out among the remaining five Regionalliga teams. BFC Dynamo surprisingly defeated FC Viktoria 1889 Berlin 3-0 in the semi finals. The team then defeated Berliner AK 07 2-1 in the final at the Mommsenstadion on 29 May. BFC Dynamo thus captured its seventh Berlin Cup trophy and qualified for the 2021-22 DFB-Pokal. The Berlin Football Association (BFV) registered BFC Dynamo as the Berlin representative for the 2021-22 DFB-Pokal. However, another club from Berlin filed an appeal against the decision at the DFB Federal Court on 1 July 2021. The draw for the first round was thus carried out with a neutral ball for the Berlin representative. The Berlin representative was drawn against Stuttgart. The club that had filed the appeal was later revealed to be SpVg Blau-Weiss 90 Berlin. The appeal was turned down on 26 July, which allowed BFC Dynamo to participate in the DFB-Pokal. Midfielders Joey Breitfeld, Andreas Pollasch, and Marcel Stutter, defender Marvin Kleihs and forward Andor Bolyki, extended their contracts before the 2021-22 season. The team was also joined by several new players, such as experienced center-forward Christian Beck from Magdeburg, midfielder Darryl Geurts from FSV Union Furstenwalde, midfielder Justin Mobius from SC Preussen Munster, defender Felix Meyer from the RB Leipzig U19 team and defender Bastian Schrewe from the Dynamo Dresden U19 team. BFC Dynamo also recruited goalkeeper Dmitri Stajila from KF Laci. Stajila will become the new second goalkeeper behind Kevin Sommer. He was dubbed "new Rudwaleit" by newsapaper Berliner Kurier due to his impressive height. Stajila has experience from the Russian Premier League and UEFA Europa League. BFC Dynamo played a series of friendly matches during the summer of 2021. The team defeated Lichtenberg 3-1 in a friendly match at the Sportforum on 8 July. The team wore a black ribbon during the match in memory or the recently deceased former BFC Dynamo player Waldemar Muhlbacher. The team then defeated SV Sparta Lichtenberg from the sixth tier Berlin-Liga 14-2 in a friendly match at the Sportforum on 11 July. BFC Dynamo opened the 2021-22 Regionalliga Nordost season with a 4-1 win away against Lokomotive Leipzig at the Bruno-Plache-Stadion on 24 July. Christian Beck scored the first goal of the season for BFC Dynamo. BFC Dynamo then played its first home match of the 2021-22 season against Energie Cottbus on 28 July, a 2-1 after a late winning goal by Andor Bolyki. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021761 Hamiri Patti Hamiri Patti is a village in Dih block of Rae Bareli district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 25 km from Raebareli, the district headquarters. As of 2011, it has a population of 242 people, in 56 households. It has no schools and no healthcare facilities, and it does not host a permanent market or a weekly haat. It belongs to the nyaya panchayat of Birnawan. The 1951 census recorded Hamiri Patti (as "Hamiripatti") as comprising 1 hamlet, with a total population of 108 people (59 male and 49 female), in 26 households and 25 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 107 acres. 4 residents were literate, all male. The village was listed as belonging to the pargana of Rokha and the thana of Nasirabad. The 1961 census recorded Hamiri Patti as comprising 1 hamlet, with a total population of 227 people (115 male and 112 female), in 54 households and 54 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 107 acres. The 1981 census recorded Hamiri Patti as having a population of 133 people, in 31 households, and having an area of 43.30 hectares. The main staple foods were listed as wheat and rice. The 1991 census recorded Hamiri Patti as having a total population of 376 people (194 male and 182 female), in 64 households and 64 physical houses. The area of the village was listed as 50 hectares. Members of the 0-6 age group numbered 93, or 25% of the total; this group was 48% male (45) and 52% female (48). Members of scheduled castes made up 7% of the village's population, while no members of scheduled tribes were recorded. The literacy rate of the village was 15% (55 men and 0 women). 108 people were classified as main workers (all men), while 79 people were classified as marginal workers (all women); the remaining 189 residents were non-workers. The breakdown of main workers by employment category was as follows: 103 cultivators (i.e. people who owned or leased their own land); 5 agricultural labourers (i.e. people who worked someone else's land in return for payment); 0 workers in livestock, forestry, fishing, hunting, plantations, orchards, etc.; 0 in mining and quarrying; 0 household industry workers; 0 workers employed in other manufacturing, processing, service, and repair roles; 0 construction workers; 0 employed in trade and commerce; 0 employed in transport, storage, and communications; and 0 in other services. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021830 Eva Olsson (scientist) Eva Olsson (born 12 October 1960) is a Swedish physicist who is a professor at Chalmers University of Technology. She is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and part of the selection committee for the Nobel Prize in Physics. Early life and education. Olsson was an undergraduate student in Gothenburg at the Chalmers University of Technology, where she specialised in engineering physics. She worked on mirror furnaces for her undergraduate diploma. After graduating, she remained at Chalmers and started a doctoral research project studying the interfacial structures of zinc oxide varistor materials. She moved to the United States as a researcher with David R. Clarke at IBM. She returned to the Chalmers University of Technology in 1991, where she was eventually awarded her docent degree. Research and career. Olsson was appointed associate professor at Chalmers in 1996. She was appointed professor at Uppsala University a year later, where she worked for four years before returning to Chalmers as a full professor. At Chalmers, Olsson has served as Director of Material Analysis, Head of Microscopy and Head of Applied Physics. Olsson develops novel characterisation techniques for materials. She is mainly interested in materials for emerging technologies, including catalysis, photovoltaic and quantum devices. In particular, Olsson works with electron microscopy. In 2013, Olsson was awarded from the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, with which she developed soft microscopy. Soft microscopy involves developing ways to use electron microscopes to study soft and semi-hard materials, creating new avenues for advances in material science. When characterising gold using an electron microscope at the highest level of magnification, it was discovered that they could force gold to melt at room temperature. The initial discovery was made by Ludvig de Knoop who was a researcher in her group. He noticed that the surface of gold lost its bonds under the bombardment with electrons within an electron microscope. Knoop and Olsson were among those who wrote the paper for the journal "Physical Review Materials" in 2018. Olsson could see applications of this phenomenon for sensors and transistors. In 2018, she was awarded a further to study plasmon-exciton coupling. Olsson is a member of the Nobel Prize in Physics Selection Committee. When men won all of the science Nobel prizes in 2021, Olsson said "We want to have more women nominated". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021841 Anna Kassautzki Anna Katharina Kassautzki (born 25 December 1993) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) who has been serving as a member of the German Bundestag since 2021, representing the Vorpommern-Rugen - Vorpommern-Greifswald I district. Political career. Kassautzki joined the SPD in 2014. In the 2021 German federal election, Kassautzki won the constituency of Vorpommern-Rugen - Vorpommern-Greifswald I in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. This was significant as it was the seat that former Chancellor Angela Merkel had held for the CDU for the previous 30 years; which that time before Kassautzki was born. In parliament, she has since been serving on the Committee on Digitization and the Committee on Agriculture. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021875 Sally Julini Sally Julini (born 1 January 2003) is a Swiss international footballer who plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Club career. After training at the Swiss national center in Biel since the age of 12, Sally Julini then played with the men's youth teams of Meyrin FC and the U15s of Servette FC, before joining Olympique Lyonnais youth academy in 2019. She played her first D1 match on the 2 October 2020 against Fleury, soon also making her Champions League debut on the following 15 December, against Juventus. International career. Called with the youth selections of the France team on several occasions since the summer 2020, she finally opted for the Swiss selection, that she was first selected for in April 2021 for the Euro 2022 qualifaying against Czechia. She made her international debut for Switzerland on the 17 September 2021, during a World Cup qualifaying against Lithuania. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021888 The Immaculate Conception of San Vincente The Immaculate Conception of San Vincente is a c.1640-1645 oil on canvas painting by Bartolome Esteban Murillo, now in the parish church of San Vicente Martir in Seville. The work has been in the church's sacristy since at least the mid 19th century and remained practically unnoticed until 2019, when its restoration was completed and it was moved within the church. At the end of 2020 an art-historical study of the work was published in Ars Magazine, arguing it was Murillo's first depiction of the Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception and was earlier than the "La Colasal Immaculate Conception" in the Museo de Bellas Artes de Sevilla. It argued its style was similar to other early works by Murillo, especially the two versions of his "Madonna and Child with Saint Dominic" (Archbishop's Palace, Seville and the former collection of the Conde de Toreno). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021903 Miss Universe Philippines 2022 Miss Universe Philippines 2022 will be the 3rd edition of the Miss Universe Philippines pageant. The coronation night will be held on April 2022. Beatrice Luigi Gomez of Cebu City will crown her successor at the end of the event. The winner will represent the Philippines at the Miss Universe 2022 pageant. Background. Location and date. On January 3, 2022, the organization announced that the coronation will be in April 2022. Screenings are scheduled to begin in February 2022. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021917 Dead Men's Morris Dead Men's Morris is a 1936 mystery detective novel by the British writer Gladys Mitchell. It is the seventh in her long-running series featuring the psychoanalyst and amateur detective Mrs Bradley. It was the first to be published by Michael Joseph who released all the subsequent fifty nine novels in the series. It was later republished with the alternative title Death Comes at Christmas. Synopsis. Mrs Bradley goes to spend Christmas at her nephew's Oxfordshire pig farm, she investigates two apparently accidental deaths in the picturesque villages that are in fact murders. Also encountered are a legendary local ghost and a team of morris dancers. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021926 2021 Ghazi Amanullah Khan Regional One Day Tournament The 2021 Ghazi Amanullah Khan Regional One Day Tournament was a List A cricket competition that was played in Kandahar, Afghanistan between 15 and 29 October 2021. It was the fifth edition of the competition played with List A status, following the announcements by the International Cricket Council (ICC) in February and May 2017. Mis Ainak Region were the defending champions. After the completion of group stage, Amo Region beat Band-e-Amir Region in the first semi-final. Mis Ainak Region qualified for the final, having more points than Boost Region on the table after the second semi-final was tied. On 29 October 2021, the defending champions Mis Ainak Region successfully retained their title after they beat the Amo Region in the final, winning the title for the third consecutive time. Fixtures. Points table. The top four teams advanced to the semi-finals 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021940 Beckhole Incline Beckhole Incline was a steep, rope-worked gradient on the railway line between Whitby and Pickering, in the North Riding of Yorkshire, England. Opened in May 1836 as part of the horse-worked Whitby #amp; Pickering Railway, the line was operated by three railway companies before becoming redundant on the opening of a diversionary line to the east that allowed through working by steam engines on the entire line. Although the incline was closed to regular traffic in 1865, it was used for a very brief period in 1872, to test a special locomotive intended for railways with steep gradients. The site of the incline can now be walked, as part of the Rail Trail between and . History. Opened as part of the Whitby and Pickering Railway (W#amp;PR) in May 1836, the incline allowed for trains to be hauled up and down from Beckhole to Goathland Bank Top station. At Beckhole, the height above sea level was , and at Goathland Bank Top, it was . The incline (or inclined plane), was engineered by Frederick Swanwick to a design by George Stephenson. The incline was long, and whilst it was rated at 1-in-12, it did reach 1-in-10 at one point. The first version of the incline workings involved a hemp rope attached to the wagons or carriages, and the rope was wound around a drum in diameter. A tank with wheels fitted was filled with water at the top, and was then attached to one end of the rope which ran on a series of pulley wheels (174 in total). As some parts of the incline were curved, the wheels were angled and wooden rollers were added at these points to lessen friction and provide some 'give' in the rope. The tank was allowed to descend hauling the railway vehicles up the bank by its "gravitational force". The journey to the top took about 4 1/2 minutes, (a speed of around ) through "an avenue of trees". At the bottom of the incline, the water tank was emptied into the beck, and it was returned to the top of the incline to be filled with water. A local farmer was employed to carry out this function, returning the tank by horse-power. If he was required to move the tank, a white flag was displayed at Beck Hole. A reservoir for supplying water for the tanks was located in Gale Field next to Goathland Bank Top. When the incline was closed, the water supply was retained for filling the water tower on Goathland station. In the days of horse operation, apart from the opening ceremony when three carriages ascended at the same time, carriages were generally taken up the incline one at a time. On the return journey of the opening ceremony (26 May 1836), the carriages descending the incline were held near the bottom and the rope was removed. Then the brakes were released, which allowed the gravity to move the carriages to ".within of Whitby.". The company charged a flat rate for the transportation of goods along the Whitby and Pickering Railway, however, goods ascending the incline were subject to an extra Shilling per ton (1836 prices), which goods descending were not. Services were spartan in the early days with the timetable from 1844, showing just two workings in either direction. This continued right up until the conversion to full steam operation, the timetable for March 1847, still showing two trains in either direction. The incline was listed in the "Guinness Railway Book" as one of the best known work-roped inclines, which were designed to carry passengers. Most inclines at that time, were used in quarrying or mining operations. Charles Dickens travelled along the incline in 1861, later writing to Wilkie Collins and describing it as a ".quaint old railway.", and its operation he described as like "doing a Blondin". The Whitby #amp; Pickering Line was bought out in 1845 by the York and North Midland Railway (Y#amp;NM), who set about adapting the entire Whitby #amp; Pickering Line from single track to double track, (with a southern connection at to ) which it achieved in 1847. The Y#amp;NM also implemented the conversion of the line to steam-engine operation in the same year, and the method of working the incline changed from water balancing, into a stationary steam-worked engine, with the capability of . The previous water-loading system was viewed as unreliable in the face of heavier traffic and more frequent services, with the Y#amp;NM also considering the water tank method and communications between the railway and the farmer as "primitive". The stationary engine was located at the bank top in Goathland, and had a wire rope that was wound around a drum in diameter. The wire rope was attached to a specially-built six-wheeled van, which would be at the head of the train whilst descending, and at the rear of the train (pushing) when ascending. By 1854, the operation of the line had been subsumed into the North Eastern Railway (NER). Initially, locomotives to be used on the line were rebuilt steam engines with different springs and wheel arrangements than in normal engines. This was in case the engines needed to visit York Works for maintenance; the route south over the incline being the only option until 1865, when the North Eastern Railway's branch from reached station, and the deviation line opened. In November 1860, the North Eastern Railway submitted plans to Parliament to build a deviation railway from to Goathland Summit. This would be a conventionally run railway with a gradient (southwards) of 1-in-49, and as such, the railway incline would be closed. The incline added 20 minutes to each journey, over what was a relative short distance, and after a series of accidents on the incline (see below section), the local and regional press stated and pushed the NER for the deviation line to be built. On 1 June 1865, the Deviation Line from Grosmont to Goathland Mill station was opened, and whilst the incline was closed, it was left in situ for some time afterwards in case it was needed. The NER issued instructions in July 1868 to remove the track and winding engine, leaving the incline derelict. Seven years after closure, the incline was used to test an engine built by the Manning Wardle Company in Leeds, who were exporting three bespoke steam locomotives to Brazil. The engine was designed to haul a load of up a gradient of 1-in-12. The engines were larger than the loading gauge of the railways in Yorkshire, and so bits had to be removed as it travelled across the Scarborough Viaduct in York, and other trains had to be diverted as it was an "out-of-gauge" working. It left Leeds on the morning of 2 May 1872, and went via , York and then stayed overnight in . It arrived at the bottom of the incline just before noon of the Friday having reversed at , the section through Goathland having been closed and removed. The line on the incline had been relaid, and it had been adapted to be 1-in-11, 1-in-12, 1-in-13, and 1-in-14, with at least one S-curve placed on the incline. The gauge had been laid at , with a central rail raised up above the main rail level. The locomotive was intended to be used on the Cantagalo Railway, transporting coffee to the ports, which was formerly carried on mules. Testing took place over two days and was deemed to be a success, and the locomotive was taken away from the incline for exporting. The raised central rail was laid sideways and this became John Barraclough Fell's patented Fell mountain railway system, used in several places worldwide, and still extant at the Snaefell Mountain Railway on the Isle of Man. The course of the entire section of railway from Goathland Bank Top to Grosmont is now popular walking path known as the "Rail Trail". Buildings. It was necessary to build several structures to effectively operate the incline. In the days of the horse-drawn operation, no written evidence exists of passengers using Beckhole as a station, although trains/carriages had to pause to detach the horse(s). By the time of steam locomotive operations, Beckhole had two workers cottages, and behind these was an engine shed with water tank. The railway fanned out into a section of five lines, one going to the shed and another having a turntable. The two cottages were later turned into one structure ("Incline Cottage"), which still stands and is now a private grade II listed structure. At , a building which is now grade II listed and referred to as "The Old Ticket Office", still stands and is thought to be the building next to where water was pumped into the tank for the counterbalance operation. As engines were also needed at the top of the incline to carry on the journey, a shed was installed here also. Again, a single line structure with an adjacent turntable. Names. The most common names of the incline were "Beckhole Incline", and "Goathland Incline", however, "Beck Holes Incline", and "Beck Hole Incline" were also sometimes seen. The incline was also referred to as either "Whitby Incline", despite being over south of Whitby itself, or "Gothland Incline". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021946 PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Mobile PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds Mobile, abbreviated as PUBG Mobile, also known as Game for Peace in China and Battlegrounds Mobile India (BGMI) in India, is a free-to-play battle royale video game developed by "LightSpeed #amp; Quantum Studio", a division of Tencent Games and licensed by Krafton. It is the mobile version port of the original "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds" game developed by PUBG Studios. The game was officially launched on 19 March 2018 for iOS and Android. It was published by multiple publishers in different regions including Krafton, Tencent (Level Infinite), VNG Game Publishing and HotCool Games. "PUBG Mobile" has accumulated downloads on Google Play and Apple App Store combined and grossing over $2.6 billion in 2020, making it the highest-grossing game of the year and bringing its total revenue to . Gameplay. PUBG Mobile features gameplay similar to that of the original "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds". Players parachute down to a remote island and fight to remain as the last player standing, competing alone or in teams of four, depending on the gamemode selected before the match. Each match lasts about 30 minutes. The game begins with the participants flying in a plane over one of many possible maps, also selected before the match. As they cross the map, players choose where to parachute down. When the plane finishes its flight, a blue border forms around the perimeter of the island is formed, marking the boundary between the safe zone and the exterior blue zone. The safe zone shrinks every few minutes, and anyone left in the blue zone will steadily lose health as long as they remain there, potentially to the point of death. The rate of health loss increases when the safe zone shrinks. When players first reach the island, they bring no supplies with them. Instead, they must search their surroundings to find weapons, armor, vehicles, and additional equipment, or take them from already injured players. In general, better weapons and equipment are found in more dangerous parts of the map. In addition to the regular shrinking of the safe zone, temporary red zones may randomly appear to be barraged with bombs, and from time to time, the plane flies over the battlefield to release a package with special equipment, potentially including items that cannot be found elsewhere on the island. All of these special events, including the normal safe zone shrinking, are announced to the players before they occur to give fair warning. Additional features unique to the mobile version of "PUBG" include log-in bonuses, missions and micro-goals, crew recruiting, map and compass improvements with larger and clear markers near the teammates, and an auto loot system, as well as an increased number of bots, as The Verge has commented: Maps. Classic mode map. The battle is fought on different islands (maps). There are six maps in the game and they are: Development. According to Tencent, "PUBG Mobile" was made in four months. Release. Following the Chinese publication deal for the Windows version, Tencent Games and PUBG Corporation additionally announced that they were planning on releasing two mobile versions based on the game in the country. The first, "PUBG: Exhilarating Battlefield", is an abridged version of the original game, and was developed by LightSpeed #amp; Quantum Studio, an internal division of Tencent Games. The second, "PUBG: Army Attack", includes more arcade-style elements, including action taking place on warships, and was developed by Tencent's Timi Studio. Both versions are free-to-play, and were released for Android and iOS devices on February 9, 2018. The games had a combined total of 75 million pre-registrations, and ranked first and second on the Chinese iOS download charts at launch. Following a soft launch in Canada, an English version of "Exhilarating Battlefield", localized simply as "PUBG Mobile", was released worldwide on March 19, 2018. In China, "PUBG Mobile" had been awaiting approval by the government for an authorized released, during which the game could only be offered as a public test. However, Tencent's planned release was suspended due to the government approval freeze across most of 2018. By May 2019, Tencent announced it would no longer seek to publish "PUBG Mobile" in China, but instead would re-release the game under the title, "Game for Peace" that readily meets China's content restrictions, such as eliminating blood and gore. A version meant for lower-end mobile devices which features a smaller map made for 60 players, "PUBG Mobile Lite", was released on July 25, 2019. This had support for high FPS gameplay on multiple Android devices. The Chinese version of the app was again renamed to "Peacekeeper Elite" in 2020. Support for 90FPS gameplay was added for selected OnePlus devices in August 2020. Pre-registration were opened for "" on February 25, 2021. It was released on 11 November that year for iOS and Android. The game takes place in the year 2051 and is based on future warfare. Controversy. On September 2, 2020, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India banned "PUBG Mobile" in India. Following that the Tencent Games terminate all service and access for users in India to PUBG MOBILE and PUBG MOBILE Lite on October 30, 2020. The rights to publish PUBG MOBILE in India had been returned to the owner of the PUBG intellectual property, Krafton. On May 6, 2021, Krafton announced the relaunch of the game in India, following the ban imposed by the Government of India. Krafton directly published the game instead of Tencent as a newly named title which could be only be accessed by users in India as "Battlegrounds Mobile India". PUBG Mobile Lite. It is the lightweight android only version of the PUBG Mobile made for low end devices having lower processing power and RAM capacity, first launched on 24 January 2019 in Thailand. This version will run on device's having at least 1GB of RAM. The lite version was released in certain regions only including Latin American, Asian and African countries for player's having low spec smartphones to experience the game. It is not available for US, UK and Australia . The Lite version features a smaller scaled down 2x2 map with up to 60 players in a match instead of 100 players in the standard version. Esports. PUBG Mobile eSports, like numerous other eSports, have either official tournaments and unofficial tournaments. Official tournaments include PMCO, PMPL #amp; PMGC In order for players to qualify to play in official tournaments, they have to play in an event called PMCO (PUBG Mobile Club Open). Each major region has a PMCO and players will compete in their respective regions until later tournaments. Players will first start in PMCO qualifiers where they will play to rack up as many points as possible. Any team that signed up can play, meaning that they do not have to have experience in any level of play. After that, the players will download an app called the GAC tool. This tool is used to inspect the game to make sure that the player is not violating any of PMCO's rules. This app will take the user's image for verification purposes and inspect the game for any exploits. After all that is done, the app will check if the device being played on is actually a phone. PMCO does not allow tablets of any kind. Only 32 teams can qualify out of the many teams that signed up. This phase is known as PMCO group stages where the 32 teams are divided into 4 groups of 8.(8 teams per group) These groups will be labeled A to D and will be pitted against each other to compete to reach the finals. Only 16 teams can make it to the finals. (All teams get a prize for making it to group stages) Once the group stages have elapsed, the finals are hosted where the top 16 teams play. From here, the teams compete to make it to a higher competition known as PMPL (PUBG MOBILE PRO LEAGUE). Most regions allow the top 3 to advance but there are exceptions to this such as the African region. Only the team that has reached 1st place in finals will be allowed to advance to PMPL. This PMPL is a little special as it does not have group stages or finals. This means that it gives easy access to PMGC for African players. If they can get 1st place that is. The PMPL system is similar to PMCO. There is usually 32 teams that get divide in groups and these teams fight to get to top 16 to reach finals. The goal for teams in finals is to reach top 3 to attain PMGC (PUBG Mobile Global Championship) points. PMGC points are points awarded to teams with great performances throughout the numerous seasons of PMPL. Teams with the highest amount of PMGC points qualify for PMGC. PMGC is an global league that every PMPL team strives to get in. This league has the best teams from each region and they are flown in to a selected region to host a LAN event. Release. The beta test of the game began on 15th and 16 March 2018 for Android and iOS respectively. Following the positive feedback, the Tencent Games and PUBG Corporation (current PUBG Studios) announced the release of game through Google Play and Apple App Store on 19 March 2018. Reception. "PUBG Mobile" received "generally favorable reviews", IGN described the mobile version as "There's no replacing the accuracy of a mouse and keyboard or appeal of a console in a battle royale shooter, but PUBG Mobile is a technical marvel". Polygon says "An unexpectedly good port for iOS and Android". Downloads. "PUBG Mobile" was the second most-downloaded mobile game of 2018, with nearly 300million downloads worldwide. The game's largest market was China, which accounted for 29% of the game's downloads, followed by India and the United States each with about 10% (30million) of its downloads. It was the most-installed battle royale game of 2018, with about 200million more installs than "Fortnite", which received 82million installs on mobile devices. , "PUBG Mobile" has reached 555million downloads worldwide, with India accounting 116 million (21%) of the downloads, China with 108 million (19%) downloads, and the United States with 42 million (8%) downloads. , it have crossed 600million downloads. By July 2020 it have accumulated downloads. In March 2021, it was reported that "PUBG Mobile" has accumulated 1 billions downloads outside of China since launch. Revenue. "PUBG Mobile" grossed () in Japan during 2018. "PUBG Mobile" grossed over in revenue by August 2020. "PUBG Mobile" grossed over in 2020, making it the highest-grossing game of the year and bringing its total revenue to over . It have grossed . As of August 2021, PUBG Mobile has lifetime earning of $6.2 billion worldwide. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021972 Jarne Steuckers Jarne Steuckers (born 4 February 2002) is a Belgian football player. He plays for Sint-Truiden. Club career. He made his Belgian First Division A debut for Sint-Truiden on 17 January 2021 in a game against OH Leuven. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69021996 Doleto Prison Doleto Prison () is a prison located in the Doleto neighborhood of Sardasht,West Azerbaijan, Iran. During the early stages of the Iranian Revolution, members of the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan committed a series of human rights violations and war crimes against detainees in the Doleto prison in Iran, including physical abuse, forced labour, executions and torture. Doleto Prison has been accused of committing "serious human rights abuses" against its political dissidents and critics of the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan. This prison was active from 1978 to 1982. Background. The prison was located on northwest of Sardasht. The prison was located in a mountainous area. The prison was a Stable. The Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan turned it into a prison. The prison was used to hold approximately 200 men in poor conditions, and torture and execution were frequent. According to the survivors of that prison, prisoners were used to do things that were interpreted as forced labor. In this prison, about 200 prisoners of government forces, including the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the Army of the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Gendarmerie of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Jihad of Construction, and the Kurdish Muslim Peshmerga were held. On May 7, 1981, two Iraqi aircraft dropped bombs on Dolato prison. The numbers of victims were initially estimated as 65 dead and 60 injured. There were few guards on the day of the attack. They were informed of this attack. Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan were aware that an Iraqi attack was imminent. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022007 Omu Peak Omu Peak () is a mountain peak of the Bucegi Mountains in Romania. It is located in Brasov, Dambovita and Prahova counties. The top of Omu Peak is flat and sprawling; there is a weather station and a tourist shelter (Romanian cabana) Omu (2505 m above sea level), which is the highest mountain shelter in the entire Carpathians. The first wooden shelter was built in 1888 on the initiative of the Transylvanian Carpathian Society. Rebuilt many times, it is now as a stone and wooden building, it offers 30 beds and a buffet. The hostel does not have electricity and running water. It is open from March to November. The top of the mountain is a rock, several meters, which is probably why different sources indicate different heights of the summit at 2505, 2507 and 2514 m above sea level. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022016 Allegheny (song) "Allegheny" is a song written and originally recorded by Chris Gantry. Gantry included it on his 1970 album "Motor Mouth" and also released as a single.#lt;ref name="Chris Gantry - Allegheny/Bad Time | Releases | Discogs"#gt;#lt;/ref#gt; The song was covered by the duo of Johnny Cash and June Carter. The cover was included on their 1973 album "Johnny Cash and His Woman" and also released as a single (Columbia 4-45929, with "We're for Love" from tne same album on the opposite side), reaching number 69 on U.S. "Billboard" country chart for the week of November 17. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022022 The Esquilache Immaculate Conception The Esquilache Immaculate Conception is a 1645-1655 oil on canvas painting by Bartolome Esteban Murillo, now in the Hermitage Museum in St Petersburg. It is named after Leopoldo de Gregorio, 1st Marquess of Esquilache, Spanish ambassador to Venice, who bought the work. On his death it passed to Cardinal Gregorio, who in turn left it to Pope Pius VI from the Braschi family, which finally sold it to its present owner in 1842. From 1924 to 1931 it hung in the Pushkin State Museum of Fine Arts before returning to the Hermitage, where it remains. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022026 Hibbertia solanifolia Hibbertia solanifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to the Top End of the Northern Territory in Australia. It is a spreading to low-lying shrub with ridged branches, elliptic leaves and yellow flowers usually arranged singly in leaf axils, with 34 to 38 stamens arranged in groups around three densely scaly carpels. Description. "Hibbertia solanifolia" is a spreading to low-lying shrub that typically grows to a height of up to and has strongly ribbed branches that are more or less triangular in cross-section. The foliage is covered with rosette-like hairs. The leaves are elliptic, mostly long and wide on a petiole long. The flowers are arranged singly or in pairs in leaf axils, each flower on a thread-like peduncle long, with linear bracts long at the base. The five sepals are joined at the base, the outer sepal lobes long and wide, and the inner lobes slightly shorter. The five petals are egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, yellow, long and there are 34 to 38 stamens arranged in groups around the three densely scaly carpels, each carpel with two ovules. Taxonomy. "Hibbertia solanifolia" was first formally described in 2010 by Hellmut R. Toelken in the "Journal of the Adelaide Botanic Gardens" from specimens collected by Clyde Robert Dunlop near Nourlangie Creek in 1973. The specific epithet ("solanifolia") means "Solanum-leaved", referring to the similarity of the leaves to those of some Australian species of "Solanum". Distribution and habitat. This hibbertia grows in sandy soils near watercourses and on sandstone near the Alligator and Goomadeer Rivers areas in the Top End of the Northern Territory. Conservation status. "Hibbertia solanifolia" is classified as "near threatened" under the Northern Territory Government "Northern Territory Government Territory Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act 1976". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022045 Vinicius Rangel Vinicius Rangel Costa (born 26 May 2001) is a Brazilian road cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . He began cycling around the age of 13 when encouraged to take up the sport by a cousin. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022072 Hidalgo Formation The Hidalgo Formation is a geologic formation of Maastrichtian age (latest Cretaceous) in southwestern New Mexico. It is of interest to geologists for the clues it preserves of the nature of Laramide deformation in the latest Cretaceous. Description. The formation is mostly basalt or andesite lava flows, but with some interbedded breccia and pyroclastic rock and, in some locations, up to of limestone and shale. The formation rests unconformably on the Ringbone Formation or Skunk Ranch Formation, and varies greatly in thickness, from . Argon-argon dating gives a consistent age between 70.53 and 71.44 million years. The formation is overlain by the Rubio Peak Formation. The formation is interpreted as a volcanic center located inland of the southwest coast of the Ringbone depositional basin that erupted during Laramide tectonic deformation that partitioned the basin. It may correlate with the Salero Formation of southeastern Arizona. History of investigation. The formation was first named the Hidalgo Volcanics by Samuel G. Lasky in 1978 for outcroups found throughout Hidalgo County, New Mexico. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022085 Johannes Arlt Johannes Arlt (born 23 April 1984) is a German soldier and politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) who has been serving as a member of the German Bundestag since the 2021 elections. Early life and education. From 2019 to 2021 Arlt completed his studies at the Swedish Defence University (FHS) in Stockholm. Political career. Arlt has been a Member of the German Bundestag for Mecklenburg Lake District II - Rostock District III in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania as of the 2021 German federal election. He has since been serving on the Defence Committee and the Committee on Economic Affairs. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022108 The Ghost of Hope The Ghost of Hope is the 44th studio album by American anonymous art collective the Residents, it is based around historical train wrecks. Background. The Ghost of Hope was The Residents' first non-instrumental album of entirely newly written material since 2008's "The Bunny Boy," with a nine-year difference between the two. In between that time, the group toured their 'Randy, Chuck #amp; Bob' trilogy of live shows, starting in 2010 with Talking Light and concluding in July of 2016 with Shadowland. During this time, the group released four new full-length albums, Postcards From Patmos (2008), Hades (2009), Lonely Teenager (2011), and Mush-Room (2013). Postcards From Patmos and Hades were entirely instrumental albums created as atmospheric soundtracks for installations. 'Patmos' was walk-in music for the group's 2008 world tour, and 'Hades' was designed for an unrealized art gallery installation. Lonely Teenager was an adaption of their Talking Light live show and only featured two newly written tracks, both of which had previously appeared in the live show; the rest of the album's material consisted of re-recordings of selections of the band's back catalog. Mush-Room, released in 2013, was an entirely instrumental album written for the Belgian dance group 'Needcompany.' During this time group member Hardy Fox, began anonymously releasing solo material under the persona of Charles Bobuck (A character from the Randy, Chuck #amp; Bob trilogy). He put out twelve studio album between 2012 and 2016. According to The Residents' spokesperson Homer Flynn, the group had wanted to create a train-inspired album for a long time; and were pushed to do so by one member in particular. Despite this insistence, the group hadn't been able to find an entry point for the concept until 2013, when someone suggested making an album on historical train wrecks. The group liked the idea and began searching for a book on the subject through Amazon, before eventually landing on "Death by Train", a Kindle collection of 50-60 newspaper articles detailing train wrecks written between the late 1800s to the early 1900s. Eventually, the Residents selected 10-12 of these articles to base the album upon. The group loved the elegant language of the period and wanted to contrast it against the horror of the events it was describing. Speaking in character as "Charles Bobuck", Hardy Fox stated that he had written the music for the album in 2014 and that the recording process was delayed by constant touring commitments. Fox had intended to have the album finished by spring of 2015 and released in September of that year. He had also planned to help his replacement Eric Drew Feldman arrange a live version in the fall of that year, but since their Shadowland tour continued to push "The Ghost of Hope" aside, Fox left the group out of boredom. The Shadowland tour lasted from May 2014 to July 2016. After the album's release, Fox (again speaking as Bobuck) said, "There are bits and pieces that I remember having written scattered through it. My playing is minimal." Flynn noted that the album sonically harkened back to their 1979 album "Eskimo", particularly the idea of constructing narrative throughout soundscape. The album also contained a booklet detailing the real-life stories behind the songs. The album featured Eric Drew Feldman collaborating with the group. "The Ghost of Hope" was Hardy Fox's final work with the Residents. On March 7, 2017, "Billboard" unveiled a video teaser for the album. The album was also proceeded by a six-show residency at the Blue Note in Tokyo. Critical reception. Reviewing an early copy of the album for "Louder Than War" in February 2017, Ian Canty mentioned that "You can't really review this CD as you would a normal LP" and that "you are better off approaching it as one would an audio book of short stories". John Deux for "All About the Rock" said that the album was "mind blowing" and that he could not express how impressed he was with the album. David Stubbs for "Classic Rock" gave the album four out of five stars and described it as "a tribute to the reckless optimism of humanity in its ongoing technological aspirations" A few months later, Kieron Tyler, writing in an interview with the group's spokesperson Homer Flynn for "The Arts Desk", described "The Ghost of Hope" as "balanc(ing) the horrific with things that are a little funny". Tour. On March 30, 2017, the Residents staged a live show based on the album at the Exploratorium in San Francisco, California, amidst their In Between Dreams tour, which lasted from March 3, 2017, to February 10, 2019, and featured two songs from "The Ghost of Hope". Personnel. Production 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022113 Citizens Square Citizens Square is a building in Fort Wayne, Indiana. It houses Fort Wayne's municipal government. In 2011, the building attracted media attention when it was almost named the "Harry Baals Government Center" after its former mayor. Citizens Square has shut down twice due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but it has remained open since January 2021. History. Naming. After the construction on the building was finished in 2011, city officials released an opinion poll to determine its name. The building garnered media attention when it became known that the leading name contender was the "Harry Baals Government Center", referring to Fort Wayne's former mayor Harry Baals (pronounced , although Baals' descendants have chosen to pronounce their last name as ). With over 1,000 votes, the suggested name tripled the vote total of the runner-up, "Thunder Dome". City officials ultimately chose the name "Citizens Square", fearing ridicule from late-night television and others not from Fort Wayne. The city's spokesperson said that the current mayor did not want to name the building after a person. The spokesperson also said that the city did not regret putting out the poll, commenting that it put some rare levity into government. Jim Baals, the great-nephew of Harry Baals, expressed dissatisfaction that the mayor's name would not be considered, saying: "I've lived with that name for 51 years now, and I've gotten through it. I think everybody else can, too." In a 2016 article, "Vox" commented that the lesson was to "never leave anything up to Indiana voters". Closures. On March 17, 2020, Fort Wayne officials announced that Citizens Square, along with all buildings owned by the city, was to close due to the COVID-19 pandemic until April 1. The building reopened on May 18 but closed again on November 23. It then reopened on January 25, 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022149 The Christ Child and the Infant John the Baptist with a Shell The Christ Child and the Infant John the Baptist with a Shell or The Holy Children with a Shell (Spanish - "Los Ninos de la concha") is a 1670-1675 oil on canvas painting by Bartolome Esteban Murillo, now in the Prado Museum in Madrid. One of the artist's most popular works, it was widely reproduced in prints and on plates. It first appeared in the written record in 1746, when it was recorded in Elisabeth Farnese's collection in the Royal Palace of La Granja de San Ildefonso in Segovia, moving to infante Luis's bedroom in the same palace by 1766. It was next recorded in the kings' bedroom in the Palacio de Aranjuez in Madrid in 1794, then the Palacio Real in Madrid from 1814 to 1818. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022168 Central Administration of Plant Quarantine The Central Administration of Plant Quarantine is Egypt's agency for import and export regulation and inspection for plant health. It is an agency of the Ministry of Agriculture and Land Reclamation. CAPQ represents the country to international bodies and treaty organizations such as the International Plant Protection Convention and the Near East Plant Protection Organization (NEPPO), being the National Plant Protection Organization. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022193 Ann C. Phillips Ann C. Phillips is an American retired United States Navy admiral who is the nominee to serve as administrator of the United States Maritime Administration. Early life and education. Phillips earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in French language and literature from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a Master of Business Administration from the Mason School of Business at the College of William #amp; Mary. Career. From 1983 to 2001, Phillips served as a surface warfare officer in the United States Navy. From 2001 to 2004, she was the commanding officer of the USS "Mustin". From 2004 to 2006, she was an executive assistant for the Naval Striking and Support Forces NATO. In 2007 and 2008, she was the commander of Destroyer Squadron 28. In 2008 and 2009, she was a senior fellow at the Chief of Naval Operations Strategic Studies Group. From 2009 to 2012, she served as deputy director and director of the Naval Surface Warfare Center in the Office of Naval Operations. In 2012 and 2013, she was the commander of Expeditionary Strike Group 2. In 2015 and 2016, she worked as a consultant for the Old Dominion Research Foundation. From 2014 to 2018, she was an associate at Burdeshaw Associates, a business management and consulting firm. Since 2018, Phillips has served as a special assistant to Virginia Governor Ralph Northam for coastal adaptation and protection. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022345 Nolan Laufenberg Nolan Laufenberg (born March 25, 1999) is an American football offensive guard for the Washington Football Team of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Air Force and was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2021. Early life and education. Nolan Laufenberg was born on March 25, 1999, in Castle Rock, Colorado. He attended Castle View High School there, earning three varsity letters in football and two in basketball. He was all-conference on offense in football in three of his four years, being twice on the first-team. Following his senior year of 2016, Laufenberg went to the United States Air Force Academy, to play for their Falcon football team. As a true freshman in 2016, Laufenberg did not see any varsity action. As a sophomore in 2018, Laufenberg appeared in twelve games, and started nine. He played all thirteen games the following year, starting all but one. He was named first-team all-Mountain West Conference and first-team all-Colorado following the season. The 2020 season was shortened due to COVID-19, only allowing him to play six games. Professional career. Denver Broncos. After going unselected in the 2021 NFL Draft, Laufenberg was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent. In order to play with Denver, he had to get the United States Secretary of Defense's approval to delay his military service five years. The Broncos were his favorite team growing up. "I grew up watching this team," he said. "I have been a fan of them ever since I was growing up and to be able to play for them is really cool." He was waived on August 24, 2021. Washington Football Team. On September 28, 2021, Laufenberg was signed by the Washington Football Team to the practice squad. On January 10, 2022, he signed a reserve/future contract after the 2021 regular season ended. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022383 Frederick Dugmore Frederick William John Dugmore (21 July 1827 -- 5 May 1908) was an English first-class cricketer and British Army officer. The son of William Dugmore, he was born at St Pancras in July 1827. He was privately educated in Brighton, before going up to Trinity College, Cambridge. He was a student of Lincoln's Inn, but was not called to the bar, instead deciding on a military career when he purchased the rank of lieutenant in the Cambridgeshire Militia in May 1853. He transferred to the regular army in June 1857, whne he purchased the rank of ensign in the West India Regiment, before purchasing the rank of lieutenant in December of the following year. Dugmore played first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in 1859, making a single appearance against Cambridge University at Lord's. Batting twice in the match, he ended the MCC first innings not out on 17, while in their second innings he opened the batting alongside Robert Grimston and was dismissed for 13 runs by Edward Drake. Later in 1859, he purchased the rank captain, transferring sortly after to the 8th Foot. He transferred regiments against in October 1864, joining the Scots Fusilier Guards. He purchased the rank of lieutenant colonel in the Guards in May 1871, before retiring five months later. Dugmore retired to Hamble-le-Rice in Hampshire, where he resided at the manor house in the village. He died there in May 1908. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022400 Camillo Mercalli Camillo Mercalli (Savona, 18 July 1882 - Turin, 13 November 1974) was an Italian general during World War II. Biography. He was born in Savona on 18 July 1882, the son of Antonio Mercalli and Gabriella Marchesi Massimino, and after enlisting in the Royal Italian Army he participated in the Italo-Turkish war, where he was awarded a Bronze Medal of Military Valor for having distinguished himself during the battle of Psitos, in Rhodes, on May 16, 1912. He then fought during the First World War, where he was decorated with a War Cross for Military Valor. Between 1919 and 1923 he was a tactical instructor at the Army War School in Turin. On 5 September 1934 he was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General, and became commander of the "Superga" Infantry Brigade. In 1937 he became Chief of Staff of the 1st Infantry Division "Superga", being promoted to Major General on 1 July of the same year; in 1938 he assumed command of the 26th Infantry Division Assietta. On 21 December 1939 he assumed command of the IV Corps, being promoted to Lieutenant General on 1 January 1940. He was at the head of the IV Corps, part of the 4th Army of General Alfredo Guzzoni, when Italy entered the Second World War. With the IV Corps, Mercalli participated in the campaign against France, and then in the war against Greece, earning two Silver Medals of Military Valor for his behaviour during the Greek offensive in January and during the final Italian offensive in April 1941. He was then replaced by General Carlo Spatocco at the head of the IV Corps, and between 29 November 1941 and 30 September 1942 he held the position of commander-in-chief of the Italian Armed Forces in Albania, with headquarters in Tirana. From 1 October 1942 he was replaced by General Lorenzo Dalmazzo and returned to Italy, where in December he assumed the post of commander of the XXXI Army Corps with headquarters in Soveria Mannelli, operating within the 7th Army of General Mario Arisio. The XXXI Corps was tasked with the defense of Calabria and was composed of the 104th Infantry Division Mantova and of four coastal divisions (211th, 212th, 213th and 214th). On 5 September 1943, after the British landings in Calabria, Mercalli studied a counterattack aimed at repelling the Allied forces and maintain possession of the Aspromonte, but this could not be carried out due to the order issued by Field Marshal Albert Kesselring to the 15th Panzergrenadier Division to withdraw to Castrovillari in order to counter an expected allied landing in the Gulf of Taranto. After the proclamation of the Armistice of Cassibile three days later, Mercalli remained loyal to the royalist government and made contact with the advancing Allied forces in Calabria; from December 1943 he became president of the Supreme Military Tribunal for liberated territories, and from July 1944, he was attached to the Ministry of War, remaining there until July 18, 1955, when he was discharged from the Army. He died in Turin on November 13, 1974. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022564 Laurels are Poison Laurels are Poison is a 1942 mystery detective novel by the British writer Gladys Mitchell. It is the fourteenth in her long-running series featuring the psychoanalyst and amateur detective Mrs Bradley. It was Mitchell's own favourite among her novels and has been considered her best by other critics. It introduced the character of Laura Menzies who became recurring assistant of Mrs Bradley in subsequent novels. In 2000 it was adapted for an episode of the television series "The Mrs Bradley Mysteries" starring Diana Rigg. Synopsis. Mrs Bradley arrives at a women's teacher training college to take up a post vacated when the previous occupant disappears at the end of term dance. But soon a series of often violent practical jokes lead to suspicions that there is a fugitive lurking somewhere in the grounds of the college. Then the body of the cook is found in a local river. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022582 Susagna Arasanz Susagna Arasanz i Serra (1960/1961 - 14 October 2021) was an Andorran economist and politician, minister of finance between 1994 and 2000, becoming the first woman to hold the office, under the premiership of Marc Forne. On 22 December 1994, Forne named her the new minister of Finance, replacing Josep Casal Casa. She was elected member of the General Council of Andorra in the 1997 parliamentary election and on 1 April 1997 she was re-appointed minister of Finance resigning as lawmaker two weeks later. She was member of the Liberal Party of Andorra. On 15 March 2000 Susagna Arasanz resigned as minister. She was member of the Andorran Social Security Fund's (CASS) Board of Directors since she was appointed by the government of Andorra in January 2020. Arasanz died on 14 October 2021 at the age of 60 from cancer. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022631 Albert James Leppoc Cappel Sir Albert James Leppoc Cappel KCIE MICE (1836-1924) was a senior administrator in India who oversaw the installation and running of the Indian telegraph system. Life. He was born on 17 August 1836 in India the son of James Leppoc Cappel. He served in the Crimean War 1855/6 attached to the Turkish contingent. After this he returned to India and joined the newly formed Indian Telegraph Service in 1857. In 1866 he was involved in the first permanent TransAtlantic telegraph cable. Rising rapidly in this field he became Director of Telegraph Traffic in 1869 and Deputy Director General of the whole telegraph service in 1879. In 1883 he was appointed Dircetor of Telegraphs for all India. During his period there was a huge increase in service across the continent. On 15 February 1887 he was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire by Queen Victoria. He retired from the Indian Telegraph Service in 1888/9 but retained an active involvement (and shares) in various telegraph companies in particular the Eastern Telegraph Company and was also a Director of the Globe Telegraph and Trust Company and Trustee of the Submarine Cable Trust. He lived his final years at 27 Kensington Court Gardens in London. He was a member of the St Stephen's Club. He served on the council of the Institute of Civil Engineers 1900 to 1902. He died on 20 April 1924. He was cremated and his ashes were scattered but is memorialised on a tomb at Brompton Cemetery. Family. He was married to Fanny Gibbon (1849-1907). They were parents to Stephen Filgate Leppoc Cappel of the Indian Forest Service. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022645 Ralph Wheelwright Ralph Wheelwright (September 11, 1898 - April 15, 1971) was an American producer and screenwriter. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Original Screenplay for the film "Man of a Thousand Faces". Wheelwright died in April 1971 at the Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 72. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022655 1990 James Madison Dukes football team The 1990 James Madison Dukes football team was an American football team that represented James Madison University during the 1990 NCAA Division I-AA football season as an independent. In their sixth year under head coach Joe Purzycki, the team compiled a 5-6 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022657 Ethos (company) Ethos is a San Francisco, CA-based technology company that sells life insurance online. Founded in 2016, the company uses technology, data science and predictive analysis to simplify the buying process. History. Ethos was founded in 2016 by Peter Colis and Lingke Wang, two entrepreneurs who were roommates while earning MBAs at Stanford Graduate School of Business. The two previously founded Ovid Life, a company that operated a secondary marketplace where owners of life insurance policies could cash out their policies by selling them to others. The goal of Ethos was to simplify the process of buying life insurance. Colis became CEO, and Wang became President and CTO. In June 2018, Ethos raised $11.5 million in a Series A funding round, led by investment firm Sequoia Capital, with additional participation from musician Jay-Z's entertainment company Roc Nation's venture capital arm Arrive, Robert Downey Jr.'s Downey Ventures, basketball star Kevin Durant's Durant Co. and actor Will Smith's Smith Family Circle. In October, the company announced a $35 million Series B funding round, led by investment firm Accel Partners, along with GV formerly (Google Ventures), return investors Sequoia Capital and Arrive, and Stanford University. In August 2019, the company raised $60 million in a Series C round, led by GV, Sequoia, Goldman Sachs and Accel. In May 2021, a $200 million Series D investment valued the company at $2 billion. At the time of the funding, the company announced it was expecting to sell $20 billion in life insurance coverage in 2021, but that it was not yet profitable. In July, Softbank invested $100 million from its Vision Fund 2, valuing Ethos at $2.7 billion. In October 2021, Money named Ethos as best for underwriting, noting the simpler application process. Products. Ethos uses artificial intelligence, machine learning technology, data science and predictive analysis to simplify the buying of whole or term life insurance. The company offers faster approval for life insurance by accessing data such as motor vehicle and prescription drug records, rather than requiring a medical exam, blood test, agent meetings and longer processing times. Customers complete an online application and answer questions to retrieve quotes. The company offers three types of underwriting: simplified issue and fully underwritten, used for term life policies, and guaranteed issue, used for whole life policies. Ethos is not a provider of life insurance itself, but instead operates as an "insuretech", integrating third-party insurance carriers, providing access to underwriting, customer service, and improved onboarding and customization. The company contracts with insurers like Legal and General America, AAA Life, Trustage and Americas Life Insurance Group to offer policies to customers. As of July 2021, it was licensed to operate in 49 states, excluding New York. Operations. Ethos is headquartered in San Francisco, CA. In July 2021, the company reported 200 employees. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022711 Two Women at a Window Two Women at a Window is a 1665-1675 oil on canvas painting by Bartolome Esteban Murillo, now in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, measuring 125 by 104 cm. Its first recorded owner was Pedro Francisco Lujan y Gongora, Duque de Almodovar del Rio, whose heirs sold it to William A'Court in 1823. It remained in his family until being sold to an art dealer in 1894 and later that year by the dealer to Peter Arrell Browne Widener, who left it to its present owner in 1915. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022744 Enoh T. Ebong Enoh Titilayo Ebong is an American attorney and trade official serving as CFO and acting director of the United States Trade and Development Agency. In October 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Ebong to serve as director of the USTDA. Early life and education. Ebong was born in Nigeria. Ebong's father, Ime James Ebong, served as permanent secretary of the Nigeria Federal Ministry of Economic Development and Reconstruction. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Arts in history from the University of Edinburgh, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Michigan Law School. Career. Ebong is a member of the Massachusetts Bar Association. From 1997 to 2004, she worked as a finance and business associate at Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky, and Popeo. She then joined the United States Trade and Development Agency, serving as attorney-advisor from 2004 to 2007, acting regional sub-director for Sub-Saharan Africa from 2007 to 2007, assistant general counsel from 2008 to 2010, deputy general counsel from 2010 to 2013, general counsel from 2013 to 2015, acting director in 2017, and deputy director and CFO from 2015 to 2019. She rejoined the USTDA as CFO and acting director at the start of the Biden administration. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022842 Castello Scammacca The Castello Scammacca, also known as the Castello Pennisi di Floristella, is a 19th-century villa-like palace, built to resemble anachronistically a Gothic-style castle with crenellated rooflines, located on piazza Agostino Pennisi #11 (between Via dell'Agrumicoltura and Via San Girolamo, in a large plot of land in the outskirts of Acireale, Sicily, Italy. The building is privately owned, but generally unoccupied. The house is named after the original owners of the property, the barons of Scammacca. The palace was commissioned in the late 19th century by the Baron Agostino Pennisi di Floristella; the design was by the architect Giuseppe Patricolo. Work was generally complete by 1882. Of note, the private chapel was frescoed in 1905 by Giuseppe Sciuti. The villa was requisitioned at the start of World War II by the German army. Allied bombardment failed to damage it significantly. With the allied occupation of Sicily, the castle was occupied by the British army. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69022877 Charlie Flohr Charlie Flohr is an American football coach who has currently been the head football coach of the South Dakota Mines Hardrockers since 2020. He previously spent 14 years as an assistant coach at Northwest Missouri State. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023207 Celiwe Nkambule Celiwe Thandazile Nkambule (born 19 February 1993) is a Swazi footballer who plays as a forward for Young Buffaloes FC and the Eswatini women's national team. Club career. Nkambule has played for Young Buffaloes in Eswatini. International career. Nkambule capped for Eswatini at senior level during two COSAFA Women's Championship editions (2020 and 2021). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023301 Ye-One Rhie Ye-One Rhie (born 1987) is a German politician of Korean descent who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag since the 2021 German federal election, representing the Aachen I district. Early life and career. Rhie was born in Aachen to South Korean parents. She studied political science and communication studies at RWTH Aachen University from 2006 to 2012. Rhie began her professional career at the Bertelsmann Foundation in Gutersloh in 2013. From 2015 until 2021, she worked as an advisor at the State Ministry on Innovation, Science and Research in Dusseldorf. Political career. Since 2014, Rhie has been a member of the City Council of Aachen. Rhie was elected to the Bundestag in the 2021 German federal election. In parliament, she has since been serving on the Committee on Education, Research and Technology Assessment. Personal life. In Berlin, Rhie has been sharing an apartment with fellow parliamentarians Lena Werner and Brian Nickholz in the Moabit district. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023316 Kayode Adebowale Kayode Oyebode Adebowale FRSC (born 11 January 1962) is a Nigerian professor and scientist and the 13th Vice-chancellor of the University of Ibadan. In October 2021 he became the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Ibadan, having formerly served as the deputy vice-chancellor (administration) of the University of Ibadan, and as the dean of the faculty of science in same institution. Early Childhood and Education. Prof Kayode Adebowale was born on the 11th of January, 1962 and he is a native of the Gateway state, Ogun in Western Nigeria.He had his primary education at St. Marks Primary School, Oke-Ijaga, Ijebu Igbo between 1967 and 1972 while his secondary was at Ayedaade Grammar School, Ikirun between 1973 and 1978.He bagged his B.sc in Chemistry in 1984 from the University of Ibadan at the age of 22. He received his Masters Degree and Ph.D from the same university in 1986 and 1991 respectively. He began his academic career as a Graduate Assistant from the University of Ibadan. He became a professor of Industrial Chemistry in 2006. Academic Life. He was once a lecturer at Federal University of Technology. He has record number of 137 published and peer-reviewed scientific papers, 14 conference papers and 3 technical reports. He is the current deputy Vice Chancellor (Administration), University of Ibadan pending the time the school gets a new appointee for the position. Prof Adebowale, MNI, FRSC, FAS, FAvH, FCSN, FSAN, FPIN is the 13th Vice Chancellor of UI. On Thursday, October 14, the university announced the appointment of Professor Adebowale as the 13th Vice Chancellor of the Univerisity through the chairman of the governing council and pro chancellor Dr. John Odigie Oyegun. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023410 Emma A. Winslow Emma Annie Winslow (March 12, 1887 - April 9, 1943) was an American home economist and researcher. She made statistical studies of welfare topics including nutrition, household budgets, unemployment, and crime, working with various agencies including the United States Department of Agriculture, Wickersham Commission and the United States Children's Bureau. Early life and education. Winslow was born in Rutland County, Vermont, the daughter of James Dana Winslow and Kate Elizabeth Willard Winslow. She earned a one-year certificate in Household Economics in 1906 from Simmons College. She earned a bachelor's degree from Teachers' College, Columbia University in 1914, and a master's degree in 1916. She completed doctoral studies at the University of London in 1923, with a dissertation titled "Budget Studies and the Measurement of Living Costs and Standards". Career. Winslow wrote a pamphlet, "Your Household Budget in Graphic Form: The New Method of Analyzing and Controlling Household Expenditures" (1914), while she was teaching home economics at Columbia University. She gave a series of lectures on home economics in Vermont in 1916. While she was working for the New York Charity Organization Society she wrote "Budget Planning and Social Casework" (1919) "Food Values: How Food Meets Body Needs" (1921), and "Food Values and Body Needs Shown Graphically" (1924), the last two being bulletins of the United States Department of Agriculture. Winslow also co-wrote "Purchasing Power of the Consumer: A Statistical Index" (1925) with William E. Berridge and Richard E. Flynn. She worked with the Wickersham Commission when she wrote "Crime Increases and Decreases in Massachusetts, 1885-1929: Report of a Study" (1930), and contributed to the two-volume "Report on the Causes of Crime" (1931), published by the National Commission on Law Observance and Enforcement. Winslow was director of social statistics at the United States Children's Bureau when she testified at a Senate hearing on unemployment relief in 1933, and wrote "Trends in Different Types of Public and Private Relief in Urban Areas" (1937), a report of the United States Department of Labor. At the time of her death in 1943, she was director of the division of records and reporting at United Service Organizations (USO). Personal life. Winslow died in 1943, aged 56 years, on a train near Mount Vernon, New York. Her grave is in Pittsford, Vermont. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023439 Jaime Neely "'Jaime Neely" is an American A#amp;R, and music-publishing executive, producer and songwriter manager, and documentary film producer. He is currently Vice President of A#amp;R at BMG based in Los Angeles, California. Career. Publishing. In 2016, Neely was hired as senior director overseeing alternative music for BMG Publishing. In 2018, after signing songwriter Lewis Capaldi, Neely was promoted to vice president at BMG. In 2020, Neely signed a global agreement with Jason Mraz and signed 5 Seconds of Summer, Monsta X, Curtis Waters, and K Flay. Film Production Currently Neely alongside Brian Levy, Thomas Benski, and Sam Bridger are in production on a documentary film called Meet Me in the Bathroom, an adaptation of Lizzy Goodman's novel Meet Me in the Bathroom. Will Lovelace, Dylan Southern are directing the film. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023467 Kent Construction and Engineering Kent Construction and Engineering Co Ltd of Victoria Works, Ashford, Kent are best known for purchasing many former World War I railway locomotives at the end of the war, both narrow-gauge and standard gauge, and reselling them after repair/reconditioning using the "Planet" trademark. It went on to design its own locomotives, and one of the new designs was shown at the Public Works, Roads #amp; Transport Exhibition at Islington in November 1925 by Honeywill Brothers. Company History. The structure of the business is unclear. The locomotives were marketed by Honeywill Brothers of Ashford and London, who were described as "the people behind the Kent Construction Planet locomotive business". The Kent Construction business was wound up in 1926, the same year that Silas Honeywill died (1855-1926). Silas was step-brother to Ross and Constantine Honeywill of Honeywill Brothers Ltd. Ross Honeywill (actually William Ross Honeywill) died in August 1927 as a result of injuries sustained in a train crash on the Southern Railway in an accident known at the time as the Riverhead Disaster. Honeywill Brothers are also known to have sold an ex-WDLR Baldwin locomotive to the Ffestiniog Railway from E.W. Farrow #amp; Sons (of Spalding), who were known as a seller of surplus army supplies after World War I, so it appears Honeywill Brothers held a wider role in the marketing of army surplus equipment. Kent Construction and Engineering were also involved in screw manufacture, as in April 1926 a new company, Recess Screws (1926) Ltd of Gillingham, Kent, was formed which had acquired certain plant and effects of the "Kent Construction and Engineering company, screw manufacturer". The railway locomotive business was clearly still seen as attractive, and two of the directors of Honeywill Brothers Ltd, F.C.Hibberd and D.A. Dwyer, created the new company FC Hibberd #amp; Company who acquired the locomotive rights and the entire locomotive stock of Kent Construction and Engineering Company, but not the Ashford works (which was rented from the Southern Railway). They continued to use the "Planet" trademark and sub-contracted manufacture to two different companies before getting their own works in Park Royal, London in 1932. Hibberd locomotives continued in production until 1968. Locomotive Types. When World War I ended in 1918, a large number of railway locomotives were repatriated from the War Department Light Railways (WDLR), plus there were some that were still in England waiting to be despatched, and the Honeywill Brothers/Kent Construction combination acquired a large number of these and started a business of refurbishing them and selling them on to industry. They also purchased a great stock of War Office parts for these locomotives required to maintain them under war conditions. Those locos that had never left the country were effectively brand new, but others would have needed different degrees of servicing or repair. Kent Construction sold these locomotives under the "Planet" trademark, and in the case of the most numerous, the 20 hp Motor Rail bow-framed "Simplex" locomotives, all the cast parts with the Simplex mark were replaced by similar castings with the Planet mark. While the most numerous were the smaller Motor Rail Locos, this same practice applied to other makes, such as American Baldwin petrol locomotives, and the standard gauge Motor Rail shunters. This form of 'badge engineering' has caused some difficulties in identifying preserved locomotives which may have true WW1 origins lost by the reprocessing and rebadging operations of Kent Contructiuon and Engineering. As time progressed Kent Construction moved more to creating their own locomotives, though still following the Motor Rail design (and drawing on the stock of parts), though in 1925 they launched their own locomotive design, with the engine aligned with the tracks, rather than being transverse. These were made both in narrow-gauge form and in standard gauge as works shunters, and the design was continued by Hibberd and several of the Hibberd locos still survive. Preserved Locomotives. The only standard gauge surviving Kent Construction loco seems to be one made in 1926 for the Worthington Brewery of Burton upon Trent. This was originally fitted with a 40HP Dorman 4JO petrol engine, Outwardly similar Hibberd-built locos also survive, including one sold to the same company. A surviving ex-WDLR narrow-gauge loco is "Mary Ann" on the Ffestiniog Railway. This 40HP petrol locomotive was bought from Kent Construction and Engineering in 1923, but is believed to be a reconditioned WDLR loco from 1917, or maybe parts from two or more locos mixed together by Kent Construction. Also on the Ffestiniog rRilway is "Moelwyn", a Baldwin locomotive formerly a petrol loco from 1918, which was purchased in February 1925 from E. W. Farrow #amp; Sons of Spalding through Honeywill Brothers. Kent Construction and Engineering Co are also known to have had World War I Baldwin petrol locomotives, though it is not thought any of theirs have survived to preservation. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023556 Leila Benali Leila Benali is a Moroccan economist and politician. Since October 2021, she is the Minister of Energy Transition and Sustainable Development. Education and academic career. She studied engineering at the Ecole Central de Paris and Ecole Mohammadia School and obtained a Master of Arts in engineering. Besides she also received a Master of Arts in politics in Politics and a Ph.D. in economics from Sciences Po in Paris. From 2002 to 2015 she lectured Energy Strategies at Sciences Po. Professional career. According to her LinkedIn profile she has been an industrial engineer for the oil services operator Schlumberger from 2000 to 2001 and directed the gas and energy policy for the Saudi Aramco between 2014 and 2018 before becoming the chief economist of APICORP in 2018 and was a member of the Global Future Council Member on mobility of the World Economic Forum from 2018 to 2021. In March 2021, she was elected as the Chief Economist of the International Energy Forum in Riyadh. Political career. On the 7 October 2021, she was appointed as the Moroccan Minister of Energy Transition and Sustainable Development in the Government headed by Prime Minister Aziz Akhannouch. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023558 Matteo Ragonisi Matteo Ragonisi (27 February 1660 - 13 April 1734) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in the native town of Acireale in Sicily. Biography. He painted both portraits and altarpieces in a provincial Baroque style. He is said to have studied in Rome Among the contemporary painters he would have known or worked with in the town were Giacinto Platania, Baldassare Grasso, and Giovanni Lo Coco. He painted an altarpiece depicting "Charles Borrromeo before Virgin Mary and Child with Saints Lucy, Rosalia, and Barbara" for the church of Santi Pietro e Paolo, Acireale. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023561 2021-22 Perth Scorchers WBBL season The 2021-22 Perth Scorchers Women's season was the seventh in the team's history. Coached by Shelley Nitschke and captained by Sophie Devine, the Scorchers finished the regular season of WBBL07 on top of the ladder to claim their first minor premiership. They hosted the championship decider at Perth Stadium on 27 November 2021, defeating the Adelaide Strikers by 12 runs to win a maiden WBBL title. Marizanne Kapp was named Player of the Final for her influential all-round performance, scoring 31* off 23 deliveries and producing bowling figures of 1/25 from four overs. For the second consecutive season, batter Beth Mooney was the league's leading run-scorer. Squad. Each 2021-22 squad was made up of 15 active players. Teams could sign up to five 'marquee players', with a maximum of three of those from overseas. Marquees were defined as any overseas player, or a local player who holds a Cricket Australia national contract at the start of the WBBL|07 signing period. Personnel changes made ahead of the season included: The table below lists the Scorchers players and their key stats (including runs scored, batting strike rate, wickets taken, economy rate, catches and stumpings) for the season. Fixtures. "All times are local" 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023568 Ina Latendorf Ina Latendorf (born 26 June 1971) is a German politician from DIE LINKE. She was elected to the Bundestag at the 2021 federal election. She contested the constituency of Schwerin - Ludwigslust-Parchim I - Nordwestmecklenburg I in western Mecklenburg-Vorpommern but came in fourth place. She won a seat on the state list. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023575 2021 XPEL 375 The 2021 XPEL 375 was an IndyCar motor race held on May 2, 2021 at the Texas Motor Speedway. It was the fourth round of the 2021 IndyCar Series. Pato O'Ward of Arrow McLaren SP captured the lead late in the race to score his first career IndyCar series victory. Qualifying. No qualifying session took place for the race, as officials were forced to cancel the session due to weather delays. As a result, qualifying results and the starting lineup for the race were determined based on the driver standings after the previous race, the Genesys 300. As the points leader, Scott Dixon was awarded pole position. References. Notes Citations 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023577 Motlalepula Rosho Motlalepula Ziphora Rosho is a South African politician. A member of the African National Congress, she was elected deputy speaker of the North West Provincial Legislature in 2010. In 2012 she was appointed as the Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for Economic Development, Environment, Conservation and Tourism in the North West Provincial Government. Rosho was discharged from the executive council in 2014 and then served in the provincial legislature as a committee chairperson until December 2018, when she returned to the executive as MEC for Local Government and Human Settlement. Rosho was appointed as MEC for Finance after the 2019 elections. Background. Rosho holds a BA honours degree in communications, as well as a postgraduate diploma in public policy and African studies. In 1989 she served on the student representative council at Botoka Comprehension School. She became a member of the Congress of South African Students in 1986 and the African National Congress Youth League in 1992. The following year, Rosho joined the ANC intelligence and security structure and went for training on intelligence science and security in Egypt in 1994. She was also an investigative journalist for the South African National Civic Organization between 1990 and 1994 and a media organiser for Western Transvaal and Northern Cape Provinces and a member of the subcommittee of media relations at SANCO and the ANC Western Transvaal. Rosho became a member of the strategic management team to integrate the Bophuthatswana administration and the Cape Province and the Transvaal Province administrations after the 1994 general elections. In 1995, Rosho became a researcher for the National Intelligence Agency. She was also an editor for the ANC Western Transvaal newsletter of Moelatlhoko and a member of the African Union for Journalists. Rosho became a spokesperson for the MEC for Agriculture, Conservation and Environment in 2004 and then served as a senior manager for multiple management directorates. Political career. In 2009, Rosho was elected as an ANC Member of the North West Provincial Legislature. She was then elected to serve chair of the Standing Committee on Public Accounts. In 2010, she was voted in as deputy speaker of the provincial legislature. Rosho was appointed to the provincial government as Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for the provincial department of Economic Development, Environment, Conservation and Tourism by premier Thandi Modise in May 2012. After the 2014 provincial election, Supra Mahumapelo was elected premier. Rosho was not reappointed to the provincial executive council. Rosho was appointed chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Finance, Economy #amp; Enterprise Development. In 2015, she was elected as chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Local Government and Human Settlement.She returned to the executive council in December 2018, following her appointment as MEC for Local Government and Human Settlement by premier Job Mokgoro. After the 2019 election, Mokgoro moved her to the Finance portfolio of the executive council. In June 2021, Rosho was one of three candidates the ANC interim provincial committee had submitted to the National Working Committee of the ANC to replace Mokgoro as premier after Mokgoro had refused to resign despite the provincial and national ANC structures telling him to do so. On 17 August 2021, party veteran Bushy Maape was announced as the ANC's preferred candidate to replace Mokgoro as premier. Mokgoro resigned as premier on 26 August and the executive council unanimously appointed her as acting premier. She served in the position until Maape was elected and sworn in as premier on 7 September. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023581 Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Pomeroy Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Pomeroy was an American investment bank. After the sale of its security business to Dominick #amp; Dominick in 1960, it became a manufacturing company, was renamed the Crescent Niagara Corporation, and was sold to Cooper Industries in 1968. History. In 1919, Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Company, Inc. was formed in Buffalo, New York by Jacob F. Schoellkopf Jr. and Russell J. H. Hutton, a former vice president of Marine Trust. In 1921, Horace B. Pomeroy joined the firm and it was renamed Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Pomeroy. Originally all the shares of Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Pomeroy were owned by Seeheim Corporation, which was in turn owned by Jacob F. Schoellkopf Jr. and his two sisters. Later, ownership expanded. Following an increase in regulatory requirements, in October 1935 control of the investment bank was transferred from the Niagara Share Corporation of Maryland, to the holders of the Class B common stock. As part of the transfer, the capital stock of the company increased to $3,260,200, consisting of 32,300 shares of participating 5.5 percent cumulative non-voting preferred stock of $100 par value and 302,000 shares of common stock of 10 cents par value with full voting rights. The Niagara Share Company owned all of the preferred stock and acquired, for cash, $301,400 shares of the new common stock which was immediately distributed, as a dividend, to the holders of Niagara Share Class B common stock on the basis of one share of the new common stock for each five shares of Niagara Share's Class B common stock. The new firm reported $113,376 of income in the final quarter of 1935, the first statement issued since the company's recapitalization and divorce from Niagara Share. By the close of 1936, the firm had assets of $6,544,798, however, by the close of 1937, the total assets had decreased to $3,905,807 largely due to a decrease in "general market securities" from $3,292,133 to $2,194,632 in 1937. Likewise, net profits fell from $1,308,799 to $117,488. This report followed "sharp words" exchanged when a lawyer for the Securities and Exchange Commission questioned a $9,700,000 "good-will" entry in the accounting records of the firm related to a loss while the firm was a subsidiary of Niagara Share. In 1942, following the death of Jacob F. Schoellkopf Jr., Walter J. Munro was elected president of the firm. Munro had been a vice president of the company since 1935. In 1950, Jacob F. Schoellkopf III, president of the Niagara Share Corporation, was named chairman of the firm, George J. Coggeshall, formerly a vice president, was elected executive vice president and J. Fred Schoellkopf IV was elected a vice president. 1960 merger. In 1960, Jacob F. Schoellkopf IV, president of Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Pomeroy, announced along with A. Varick Stout and Seymour H. Knox III, partners in Dominick #amp; Dominick, that the two investment security firms were to merge whereby the investment banking activities of Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Pomeroy were acquired by the Dominick firm and the Schoellkopf name remained in the other aspects of the business. The Schoellkopf family and the Knox family had previously worked together on the Transcontinental Television Corporation (owner and operator of WGR-TV, AM and FM in Buffalo and other broadcasting outlets) and the Niagara Share Corporation, a Buffalo investment company with $60,000,000 of assets. In 1961, cousins Jacob F. Schoellkopf IV and Paul A. Schoellkopf Jr. transformed the remainder of the Schoellkopf, Hutton #amp; Pomeroy firm into a manufacturing company "selling an item as basic as hand tools." They changed the name to Crescent Niagara Corporation and acquired the Crescent Tool Company of Jamestown, New York. Crescent Niagara Corporation was later acquired by Cooper Industries in 1968. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023584 Chuenisbargli Chuenisbargli is a World Cup tehnical ski course and a hill at Bernese Oberland in Adelboden, Switzerland, opened in 1955. It is used for competitions only. The track runs on natural terrain and is used only for annual World Cup competitions. It is one of the oldest and most classic slopes in the circuit. It is considered as the most prestigious giant slalom in the world and one of the hardest together with Alta Badia and Kranjska Gora. History. In 1955 competition called "Internationalen Adelbodner Skitage" (International Adelboden Ski Days) started with slalom, giant slalom joined in 1958, with last slalom held in 1961. In the early days of the World Cup, there was basically only one giant slalom, initially on two days (Monday 1st run / Tuesday 2nd run) and then both runs on Tuesday. In 1967, giant slalom joined already in the premiere World Cup season and in 2000 slalom joined the competition after decades of break. Since 1982 competition is being live broadcast. Competition was fully canceled in 1988, 1990, 1993 and 1994. World Cup. This course hosted total of 69 World Cup events for men (7th of all-time). Men. #lt;small#gt; Club5+. In 1986, elite Club5 was originally founded by prestigius classic downhill organizers: Kitzbuhel, Wengen, Garmisch, Val d'Isere and Val Gardena/Groden, with goal to bring alpine ski sport on the highest levels possible. Later over the years other classic longterm organizers joined the now named Club5+: Alta Badia, Cortina, Kranjska Gora, Maribor, Lake Louise, Schladming, Adelboden, Kvitfjell, St.Moritz and Are. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023646 Victor Corces Victor Corces is a geneticist at Emory University. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences for pioneering work in epigenetics, genomics, and computational biology. He is a member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023655 Urban flood management Urban flood management refers to the management of flood events in cities and surrounding areas. Urban flooding occurs for several reasons and has a wide variety of impacts, and there are correspondingly various strategies to mitigate those impacts. Background. There are several types of flooding, including pluvial (flooding caused by heavy rain), fluvial (caused by a nearby river overflowing its banks), and coastal flooding (often caused by storm surges). Different types of urban flooding create different impacts and require different mitigation strategies. Links to climate change. Many of the common causes of urban flooding, including storm surges, heavy precipitation, and river overflow, are expected to increase in frequency and severity as climate change intensifies and causes increases in ocean and river levels. In particular, erratic rainfall patterns are expected to increase the frequency and severity of both pluvial flooding (as excessive amounts of rainfall in urban areas and cannot be adequately absorbed by existing drainage systems and pervious areas) and fluvial flooding (as excessive rainfall over a river can cause flooding and overflow, either where it occurs or downstream along the path of the river). The frequencies and severities of extreme storm events, including hurricanes and other types of tropical cyclones, are also expected to increase, raising the risk of storm surges and the potential for heavy rainfall and increasing flooding-related damages by up to USD$54B annually. Additionally, due to the geographic distribution of developing urban areas, the land area potentially exposed to climate change-related flooding is expected to increase significantly. Case studies. One of the most well-known at-risk urban areas in the United States is New Orleans. Because of its coastal location and low elevation, the city is prone to flooding due to tropical storms, including cyclones and hurricanes and is particularly vulnerable to changes in sea level or storm frequency. In 2005, Hurricane Katrina caused more than 1800 deaths and USD$170B in damages. After Katrina, additional flood protections were built with a changing climate in mind; these protections have proved effective in reducing damages due to subsequent extreme weather events, such as Hurricane Ida. During the summer of 2021, Hurricanes Henri and Ida caused significant flooding in many cities along the east coast of the United States. In particular, New York City experienced record levels of rainfall, prompting many to question whether the city should implement additional flood protection measures in anticipation of potential future flood events. In September 2021, the New York City mayoral office released a new rainfall preparedness plan. Impacts. Some of the most obvious impacts of urban flooding are those to human life and to property damage. In 2020, floods caused an estimated 6,000 deaths and caused USD$51.3B in damages globally. Urban flooding also impacts critical public services, including public transportation systems. Traffic congestion can be worsened by urban flood events, impacting ease of access to transportation, as well as the ability of emergency services to operate effectively. Urban flooding can also create far-reaching supply chain issues, which can create significant interruptions in the availability of goods and services, as well as financial losses for businesses. Modeling. Flood modeling is often conducted in a very localized fashion, with hydrological models created for individual municipalities and incorporating details about buildings, infrastructure, vegetation, land use, and drainage systems. This localized modeling can be very useful, especially when paired with historical data, in predicting which specific locations (e.g. streets or intersections) will be the most impacted during a flood event and can be helpful in designing effective mitigation systems specific to local needs. Modeling of climate impacts, on the other hand, is often done from a "top-down", global perspective. While these models can be helpful in predicting worldwide effects of global warming and in raising awareness about large-scale impacts, their spatial resolution is often limited to 25 km or more, making them less helpful for local planners in mitigating the effects of climate change on a street-by-street scale. Some advocate for an integration of localized hydrological modeling with larger-scale climate modeling, claiming that such integration allows the benefits of both forms of modeling to be realized simultaneously and creates the potential for modeling flooding due to climate change in a way that allows planners to design specific strategies to mitigate it at the local level. Mitigation. Gray infrastructure. One traditional urban flooding management strategy is gray infrastructure, which is a set of infrastructure types (including dams and seawalls) traditionally constructed of concrete or other impervious materials and designed to prevent the flow of water. While gray infrastructure can be effective in preventing flooding-related damage and can be economically valuable, some models suggest that gray infrastructure may become less effective at preventing flood-related impacts in urban areas in the future as climate change causes flooding intensity and frequency to increase. Green infrastructure. An alternative to gray infrastructure is green infrastructure, which refers to a set of strategies for absorbing and storing stormwater at or close to the location where it falls. Green infrastructure includes many types of vegetation, large open areas with pervious surfaces, and even rainwater collection devices. Green infrastructure may prove to be an effective and cost-efficient way to reduce the extent of urban flooding. Drainage systems. One way urban flooding is commonly mitigated is via urban drainage systems, which transport storm water away from streets and businesses and into appropriate storage and drainage areas. While urban drainage systems help municipalities manage flooding and can be scaled up as population and urban extent increase, these systems may not be sufficient to mitigate additional future flooding due to climate change. Land use. Since the ratio of pervious to impervious surfaces across an area is important in flooding management, understanding and altering land use and the proportion of land allocated to different purposes/use types is important in flood management planning. In particular, increasing the percent of land dedicated to open, vegetated space can be helpful in providing an absorption and storage area for storm runoff. These areas can often be integrated with existing urban amenities, such as parks and golf courses. Increasing the pervious surface fraction of an urban area (e.g. by planting green walls/roofs or using alternative pervious construction materials) can also help de-risk climate-linked flood events. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023656 Biopiracy Biopiracy (also known as scientific colonialism) is defined as the unauthorized appropriation of knowledge and genetic resources of farming and indigenous communities by individuals or institutions seeking exclusive monopoly control through patents or intellectual property. While bioprospecting is the act of exploring natural resources for undiscovered chemical compounds with medicinal or anti-microbial properties, commercial success from bioprospecting leads to the company's attempt at protecting their intellectual property rights on indigenous medicinal plants, seeds, genetic resources, and traditional medicines. Moreover, if biological resources and traditional knowledge are taken from indigenous or marginalized groups, the commercialization of their natural resource can harm communities. Despite the medicinal and innovative benefits of bioprospecting and biochemical research, the expropriation of indigenous land for their genetic resources without fair compensation inevitably leads to exploitation. Biopiracy can harm indigenous populations in multiple ways. Without proper compensation or reward for traditional knowledge of natural resources, the sudden increase in commercial value of the species producing the active compound can make it now unaffordable for the native people. In some cases, a patent filed by the western company could prohibit the use or sell of the resource by any individual or institution, including the indigenous group. With nearly one third of all small-molecule drugs approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) between 1981 and 2014 being either natural products or compounds derived from natural products, bioprospecting or piracy is growing more significantly, especially in the pharmaceutical industry. With the advancement of extraction techniques of genetic material in biochemistry and molecular biology, scientists are now able to identify a specific gene, which directs to enzymes capable of converting one molecule to another. This scientific breakthrough brings up the question of whether the organism containing the gene that has been modified through a series of tests and experiments should be accredited to the country of origin. History. Colonial implications. Biopiracy is historically associated with colonialism, where developing resource-rich countries and indigenous populations would be exploited without permission. Since the arrival of European settlers in search of gold, silver, and rare spices, the wealth of knowledge on plant-based riches was highly valued. Following Marco Polo's journey through Southwestern India and China, Christopher Columbus expanded upon the "Spice Route" with the help of the Spanish Court. These explorers, amongst hundreds more, share an infamous history of pillaging through indigenous villages and depriving countries of their natural resources. Western food and pharmaceutical companies have profited immensely from these efforts. Valuable commodities like sugar, pepper, quinine, and coffee were all taken from colonized countries that led to environmental destructions in the corresponding developing countries. The General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) of 1947 was an effort to encourage international trade by reducing or eliminating trade barriers like tariffs or quotas. Trade-Related Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) was negotiated at the end of GATT. Similarly, Columbus set a precedent in 1492 through land titles granted by European kings and queens, which acted as a sort of patent for colonizers. The World Trade Organization (WTO) agreement of TRIPS attempts to signal the importance of maintaining a balance between trade and intellectual property. This agreement, since 1994, requires WTO member countries to develop legal frameworks to protect plant and animal resources in agricultural, pharmaceutical, chemical, textile, or other commodity contexts. Several countries have criticized this agreement, claiming that it's counterproductive in protecting their natural resources. The Eurocentric roots of property claiming and piracy are reinforced by modern Intellectual Property laws established by GATT and WTO which supplements the colonial ideas to "discover and conquer" and to "subdue, occupy, and possess." Environmental activist and food sovereignty advocate Vandana Shiva calls patenting and claiming rights to genetic material and bio-resources "the second coming of Columbus" due to its reinforcement of colonial power dynamics. For example, the intellectual property for Indian products like tamarind, turmeric, and Darjeeling tea have been taken and patented by private corporations in historically colonial countries. "Gene Rush" in Sri Lanka. The "Gene Rush" is the new era of biotechnology that allows scientists to extract specific genes from living organisms as raw materials. With the introduction of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) research, Sri Lanka has been marked with imminent danger as a target of biopiracy. Spotted in the top 34 biodiversity hotspots, Sri Lanka claims the highest biodiversity per unit area of terrestrial among Asian countries. Currently, Sri Lanka has 1,500 identified species of medicinal herbs and plants, and its attraction to biopiracy has put environment protection and conservation at a significant priority in the country. Recent efforts were enacted by United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) in collaboration with the Spice Council and the government of Sri Lanka to enhance the productive capacities and competitiveness of the cinnamon value chain in the country. Terminology. "Biopiracy" was coined in the early 1990s by Pat Mooney, founder of ETC Group which works to protect the world's most vulnerable people from socioeconomic and environmental impacts of new, modern technologies. He defines it as when researchers or research organizations take biological resources without official sanction, largely from less affluent countries or marginalized people. Biopiracy includes theft or misappropriation of genetic resources and traditional knowledge through the intellectual property system and unauthorized and uncompensated collection of genetic resources for commercial purposes. Mooney, along with other critics of the patent system, believes that the current intellectual property system creates inequities in the system by allowing wealthy and powerful groups of people to own the most basic building blocks of life. Intellectual property. Intellectual property (IP) rights include patents, copyright, industrial design rights, trademarks, plant variety rights, trade dress, geographical indications, and sometimes trade secrets. While intellectual property rights were created to promote and reward scientific knowledge and creativity, but they naturally weigh towards benefiting transnational corporations. Restrictions in favor of corporations. The first restriction is the shift from common rights to private rights of knowledge. The preamble of TRIPS agreement acknowledges these rights as private rights. By privatizing intellectual commons, TRIPS encourages corporate monopoly. The second restriction is that IP rights are only recognized when they generate profit, rather than then when they meet social needs. TRIPS agreement clarifies that an innovation must be capable of industrial profit in order to be recognized as an IPR, which discourages recognition of social good. Examples. Neem tree. In the arid areas of India, the neem tree, or Azadirachta indica, is a fast-growing evergreen of up to 20 meters in height. From its roots to leaves, the tree contains a number of potent chemical compounds, including azadirachtin which can be found in the seeds. The neem tree has applications in medicine, toiletries, contraception, timber, fuel, and in agriculture. Historically, access to the neem tree's various products has been free or cheap. There are about 14 million neem trees in India, and the centuries old village techniques of seed oil extraction and pesticidal emulsions do not require expensive equipment. Villagers relied on the large number of different medicinal compounds accessible through the neem material which were commonly available. When US timber importer Robert Larson noticed the tree's usefulness in 1971, he conducted research over the next decade on the pesticidal properties in the neem extract called Margosan-O. After gaining clearance for the product from the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1985, he sold the patent for the product to W.R. Grace. While the corporation patented the neem tree seed extract for their antifungal spray, Neemex in 1994, neem extracts have been used by rural farmers in India for more than 2,000 years in insect repellants. Challenge against patent. India-based Research Foundation for Science, Technology, and Ecology (RFSTE) challenged the US patent with the claim that the qualities of the neem tree and their use had been known in India for over 2,000 years. The Congressional Research Service (CRS) reported to US Congress in justification of the patent claiming that the synthetic form or the process of synthesis of the naturally occurring compound should be patentable. However, the process of synthesis which W.R. Grace claims to be a genuine innovation is simply an advance on Indian techniques which only exists in the context the ignorance of the West. The patent was finally overturned by the EPO in 2000. The village neem tree has become a symbol of Indian Indigenous knowledge and resistance against transnational corporations, and protestors against international property rights legislation carried twigs or branches of neem. Hoodia cactus. The Hoodia cactus of the Kalahari Desert was used for thousands of years by the nomadic San community in southern Africa to help survive through hunger and thirst during their long expeditions in the desert. In 2016, the South African Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) gained a government-funded patent for a new drug (P57) derived from the cactus for its appetite-suppressing qualities. CSIR scientists isolated the P57 molecule in 1996 after decades of research on indigenous plants. The patented formula was sold to western pharmaceutical multinational companies Pfizer and Phytopharm as a miracle drug for weight loss. Challenge against patent. Following the confirmation of the patent, representatives of Sans, backed by the global support of patent-law critics and bioethicists, demanded restitution of their rights to the common intellectual property. After a long dispute, CSIR and the San people came to a confidential 'benefit-sharing' agreement where the San people were given royalties, knowledge exchange, and creation of jobs from the industry. Pineapple leather. Pina cloth, in the nineteenth century, was a creation unique to the Philippines. With fibers collected from the leaves of pineapples, the weaving mechanism of pina is a complex and labor-intensive process used by a small number of women to dress the country's elite. Scraping, the most common method of extracting pineapple leave fibre (PALF), starts with carefully removing the prickles, epidermis, and pulp from the sides of the leaf with a dull knife. This is followed by exposing the fiber and finely combing it to separate the strands. With the help of a bamboo device, the separated strands are then threaded and weaved together through a delicate process to create a continuous filament. After some years of research and development of potential leather alternatives at the Royal College of Art in London, Dr. Carmen Hijosa, founder and chief creative innovation officer of Ananas Anam, claimed the rights to Pinatex, a leather alternative made from PALF. The patent on this technology makes it nearly impossible for the people of the Philippines and indigenous people to gain credit for the fabric that greatly impacted the shape of their history and culture for generations. Pinatex recently partnered with Dole, promising scaled-up leather production with the waste product from their pineapple farms in the Philippines. Despite the violent history of the Dole Empire, Pinatex has been expanding its market by collaborating with brands like Chanel, H#amp;M, and Nike. The patent remains to this day. Corporate greenwashing. Greenwashing is a term coined by environmentalist Jay Westervelt in 1986, meaning the false claims by companies that give the impression of sustainability and environmentalism. Without clarifying the metrics and quantifiable goal of the company's environmental agenda, many big companies attempt to paint the picture of ethical and eco-friendly images. Resources and materials pirated from indigenous communities are often commodified and recycled into corporate environmentalist agendas. Due to the exploitative nature of the fast fashion supply chain, many 'green' collections released by corporations only promote their marketing strategies and increase problems with textile waste and climate change. Nike received backlash after the 2020 Impact Report which showed the lack of sustainability in footwear. To tackle the feedback, Nike launched the Happy Pineapple Collection featuring Ananas Anam's vegan leather material and a tropical fruit design embroidered across the Air Max 90, the Air Max 95, Air Force One, and Air-Zoom collections. The Conscious Collection released by H#amp;M in 2010 also partners with Ananas Anam to produce vegan leather jackets. Due to inconclusive data on Pinatex biodegradability, the Norwegian Consumer Authority accused the brand of misleading customers with vague details of the sustainability claims made. The brand responded by saying they would accept the criticism and communicate the extra value. New efforts. The Convention on Biological Diversity created by the United Nations in 1992 demanded that bioprospecting should not be done without the consent of the host country. The convention concluded that exploitation of local resources for medicinal and pharmaceutical purposes should actively involve local traditional communities and the produced profit and benefits be shared in an equitable way. The International Cooperative Biodiversity Group (ICBG) is a network of bioprospecting projects funded by the US government. While the main objective is to discover and research plants bearing chemical compounds that could cure diseases in the United States, the countries hosting the searches can expect equitable rewards and benefits. Local job creation in communities is promoted by conducting the initial extraction and analysis steps in local laboratories. If the research leads to commercialized drugs, 50% of the royalties are invested into community development funds run by indigenous people. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023678 St. Matthew's Anglican Church (Toronto) St. Matthew's Anglican Church is a church in Riverdale, Toronto, located at 135 First Avenue. It has been listed on the Ontario Heritage Register, pursuant to the "Ontario Heritage Act", since October 27, 2009. It was designed by Strickland #amp; Symons, a partnership between Walter Reginald Strickland and William L. Symons. Construction. Plans to develop the church began in 1887 and plans to complete it were approved in April 1889. A portion of the property was gifted to the congregation, and another sold at a low price. Construction finished in 1889. It opened for services on Easter 1890. The total cost to build St. Matthew's was about CA$20,000, or approximately . Design. As of 1904, shortly after St. Matthew's was constructed, its roof was open-timbered with six principal rafters, fitted with tracing and curved braces, with the rafters exposed. The choir was finished in pressed brick and oak panelling, while the walls were finished in colour, with arched ceiling ribbed into panels. The walls of the church were made of red brick, with brown Credit Valley stone, with Ohio stone dressings. The screen separating the choir from the nave was made of carved oak in the later Gothic style and the central arch was ornamented by a cross, which was slightly out of proportion in height to the size of the screen. An issue of the "Dominion Churchman" published on August 22, 1889, stated that the church's interior would be finished in stucco, while the window and door trimmings and dados would be of brick. The sanctuary would be finished in pressed brick, sedilia, and piscina in Portage Entry stone, while the walls and ceilings of the sanctuary above the brickwork would be decorated in colour and bronze. Carpentry was done by Davidson #amp; Kelly, the brickwork by John Smith, the stone work by Yorke of Front Street, the glazing by McCauslands, and the gas fittings by Keith #amp; Fitzsimmons. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023724 Maria Veitola Maria Aleksandra Veitola born in Eno) is a Finnish journalist, screenwriter, talk show host and TV and radio host. She is one of the most prominent figures in Finnish entertainment and has appeared in multiple TV shows on commercial channels MTV3 and Nelonen. Veitola was born in the small municipality of Eno in Finnish province North Karelia but spent her youth in Imatra in South Karelia. After moving to Helsinki in early 1990s she began her career in 1994 in "Radio City" as a radio host and continued in "Radio Helsinki" in 2000. Her first TV program was her own talk show "Maria!" on Nelonen from 2008 to 2011. She became the director of "Radio Helsinki" in 2013, a position which she retained until 2016. Since 2015 she has had a popular TV show "Yokylassa Maria Veitola" ("A sleepover with Maria Veitola") where she spends two days and one night with prominent figures in Finland as a houseguest. Her famous sleepover hosts include Juha Sipila, Sanna Marin, Antti Rinne, Paivi Rasanen, Vappu Pimia and Sofi Oksanen, among others. Since March 2020 Veitola has also been one of the panelists in Masked Singer Suomi. Veitola is an outspoken feminist. She has published two books, "Veitola" in 2018 and "Toisinpain" in 2019. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023728 Hilary Pecis Hilary Pecis (born 1979) is an American artist based in Los Angeles. Pecis was raised in Redding, California close to the border with Oregon. She earned a BFA and MFA from California College of the Arts, in 2006 and 2009. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69155769 (+)-Morphine (+)-Morphine also known as dextro-morphine is the "unnatural" enantiomer of the opioid drug (-)-morphine. Unlike "natural" levo-morphine, unnatural dextro-morphine is not present in Papaver somniferum and is the product of laboratory synthesis. In contrast to natural morphine, the unnatural enantiomer has no affinity or efficacy for the mu opioid receptor and therefore has no analgesic effects. To the contrary, in rats, (+)-morphine acts as an antianalgesic and is approximately 71,000 times more potent as an antianalgesic than (-)-morphine is as an analgesic. (+)-Morphine derives its antianalgesic effects by being a selective-agonist of the Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), which due to not binding to opioid receptors allows it to effectively reverse the analgesic properties of (-)-morphine. TLR4 is involved in immune system responses, and activation of TLR4 induces glial activation and release of inflammatory mediators such as TNF-a and Interleukin-1. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69155792 1990 North Texas Mean Green football team The 1990 North Texas Mean Green football team was an American football team that represented the University of North Texas during the 1990 NCAA Division I-AA football season as a member of the Southland Conference. In their ninth year under head coach Corky Nelson, the team compiled a 6-5 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023730 Vinnie Sablan Vinson Flores "Vinnie" Sablan is a politician serving as a member of the Northern Mariana Islands Senate from the 3rd district. Previously an independent, Sablan became a member of the Republican Party in July 2021. Sablan is a candidate for lieutenant governor of the Northern Mariana Islands in the 2022 gubernatorial election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023738 Carter Hawkins Carter Hawkins (born circa 1984) is an American baseball executive. His Major League Baseball career began with the Cleveland Indians, as a scout. He became general manager of the Chicago Cubs in October 2021. Early life and education. Hawkins earned a bachelor's degree in 2007 from Vanderbilt University, where he also played baseball as a catcher. Baseball career. In 2008, Hawkins joined the Cleveland Indians baseball team as an advance scouting intern. He took a full-time role as a scout for the organization in 2009. Hawkins was named the team's assistant director of player development in 2010 and the director of player development in 2015. He was named the Indians' assistant general manager in 2016. On October 15, 2021, the Chicago Cubs hired Hawkins as their general manager. Personal life. Hawkins is married to his wife, Lindsay. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023767 Gabriel Taumua Gabriel Taumua (born 13 April 2002) is an American Samoan association footballer who plays for Pago Youth FC of the FFAS Senior League. Taumua has been described by "Football in Oceania" as, "the biggest talent in American Samoa". Youth career. Taumua began playing football at any early age as his father Tavita Taumua is CEO of the Football Federation American Samoa. As a child he featured as a ballboy in the documentary "Next Goal Wins" which followed the American Samoa national team during its 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign. He competed for the Sharks of Samoana High School in the American Samoa High School Athletic Association. The Sharks advanced to the final for the 2016 and 2017 seasons. They won the championship in 2017. In 2017 Taumua also won the island's futsal championship with Utulei Youth. Taumua's scored the equalizing goal which sent the final match to overtime. Club career. Taumua has played for Pago Youth FC of the FFAS Senior League since 2017. During the 2018 season, Pago Youth defeated Taputimu Youth 4-0 in the semi-finals. The team went on to defeat Utulei Youth 3-2 in the final with Taumua being named MVP of the match. With the win Pago Youth secured its third-straight league championship. Earlier in 2018, Taumua was part of the American Samoa delegation to the Football For Hope Festival in Moscow as part of 2018 FIFA World Cup festivities. He was part of Pago Youth's team that competed in the 2018 OFC Champions League qualifying stage, but he was not part of the squad that participated in the 2019 OFC Champions League qualifying stage the following year. He appeared in all three of the club's matches in 2018, including matches against Lotoha`apai United, Vailima Kiwi FC, and Tupapa Maraerenga F.C. International career. Taumua made his international debut for American Samoa in the 2015 OFC U-17 Championship at age 12. He was the youngest player in the competition. In 2016 he captained the team during its First Round exit from the 2017 OFC U-17 Championship. He then went on to captain the team again in qualifying for the 2018 edition of the tournament. Despite his young age it was the player's sixth international tournament. The team opened its qualifying campaign with a 2-2 draw with Tonga in which Taumua scored the opening goal. The "Fiji Times" described Taumua as the, "rock at the back of a side which looked confident on attack." In the next match American Samoa suffered a heavy 3-10 defeat to Samoa with Taumua scoring two of his team's three goals. American Samoa defeated the Cook Islands in its final match with Taumua scoring his team's opening goal. He was also part of American Samoa's squad for the 2016 OFC U-20 Championship. In 2017 he was part of the squad which competed in the 2017 OFC Youth Futsal Tournament in Auckland, New Zealand. This was the inaugural edition of the tournament and the first time that American Samoa competed in any international futsal competition. With three goals he was the team's second top scorer in the tournament, behind only Walter Pati who scored six times. During the 2018 OFC U-19 Championship Taumua captained American Samoa once again. His defensive qualities were crucial in maintaining a scoreless draw in the first half of the team's opening match against Samoa. In the final match, a 1-2 defeat to the Cook Islands, Taumua's defensive work was again instrumental. American Samoa's only goal of the tournament came off of a rebound from Taumua's free-kick in the match. In 2019 Tuamua was part of the squad for the 2019 OFC Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament. He started and played the full ninety minutes of the team's opening match against the Solomon Islands. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023773 1976 Saint Helena general election General elections were held in Saint Helena in September 1976. They were the only elections on the island to have been contested by political parties, with the Saint Helena Progressive Party winning eleven of the twelve seats in the Legislative Council. The Saint Helena Labour Party had seen its leader Tony Thornton expelled from the island shortly before the election, and failed to win a seat. Background. After the 1972 elections, the Progressive Party was established the following year by eleven of the twelve elected members. The Labour Party was formed in 1974. The Labour Party called for St Helenians living in Ascension Island to be able to vote. Results. Four seats were uncontested. Aftermath. Both parties became inactive after the election. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023781 WWE Day 1 WWE Day 1 was a professional wrestling premium live event produced by WWE held for wrestlers of the promotion's "Raw" and "SmackDown" brand divisions that took place on January 1, 2022 at the State Farm Arena in Atlanta, Georgia and aired on pay-per-view (PPV) worldwide and was available to stream through Peacock in the United States and the WWE Network internationally. It was the company's first PPV event to actually take place on New Year's Day. The event's title alludes to its New Year's scheduling and was WWE's first PPV to have the New Year's theme since 2007's New Year's Revolution. Its scheduling also caused the cancelation of the event, usually held in late December. Seven matches were contested at the event, including one on the Kickoff pre-show. In the main event, Brock Lesnar defeated Seth "Freakin" Rollins, Kevin Owens, Bobby Lashley and defending champion Big E in a fatal five-way match to win "Raw"s WWE Championship by pinning Big E. Lesnar was originally scheduled to face Roman Reigns for "SmackDown"s Universal Championship, but that match was canceled hours before the event due to Reigns testing positive for COVID-19. In other prominent matches, Becky Lynch defeated Liv Morgan to retain the Raw Women's Championship, RK-Bro (Randy Orton and Riddle) defeated The Street Profits (Angelo Dawkins and Montez Ford) to retain the Raw Tag Team Championship, Edge defeated The Miz and in the opening bout, The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) defeated The New Day (Kofi Kingston and King Woods) to retain the SmackDown Tag Team Championship. Production. Background. On July 23, 2021, WWE announced (along with All-Star point guard Trae Young of the National Basketball Association's Atlanta Hawks) that it would be holding a pay-per-view (PPV) and Peacock/WWE Network event on January 1, 2022 at the State Farm Arena, which would feature wrestlers from the "Raw" and "SmackDown" brands. Due to the event taking place on the first day of the year, it was titled Day 1. This marked WWE's first PPV event to take place on New Year's Day. The company previously ran a New Year's-themed PPV event called New Year's Revolution from 2005 to 2007, but each of its events were held shortly after New Year's Day. As revealed on the day of the event, it was also WWE's first event to be called a "premium live event," a term the company introduced to describe their major events that are available via PPV and streaming services. Tickets for the event went on sale on August 27, 2021. One of the official theme songs was "Straightenin" by the hip hop trio Migos. On December 10, 2021, WWE announced that the trio would be making a special appearance at Day 1. The scheduling of Day 1 caused WWE to cancel their annual event for "Raw" and "SmackDown," which had been scheduled for December 19, 2021. Wrestling journalist Dave Meltzer reported that TLC was canceled to allow WWE to focus solely on Day 1 after Survivor Series, as there would have also only been three weeks between Survivor Series and TLC, two weeks between TLC and Day 1 and four weeks between Day 1 and Royal Rumble. Storylines. The event included matches that resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed heroes, villains or less distinguishable characters in scripted events that built tension and culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches, with results predetermined by WWE's writers on the "Raw" and "SmackDown" brands, while storylines were produced on WWE's weekly television shows, "Monday Night Raw" and "Friday Night SmackDown". On the October 25, 2021 edition of "Raw," Seth Rollins won a ladder match to become the number one contender for the WWE Championship. On the November 29, 2021 edition of "Raw," it was announced that Rollins would receive that match against WWE Champion Big E at Day 1. That same night, however, WWE officials Adam Pearce and Sonya Deville set up a non-title match between Big E and Kevin Owens, who had also competed in the ladder match, where if Owens won, he would be added to the title match, much to the displeasure of Rollins, who had been at odds with Owens over the past few weeks. In an attempt to sabotage the match, Rollins interfered, allowing Owens to win by disqualification and, thus, adding him to the championship match, making it a triple threat match. The following week, after Big E had defeated Owens in a steel cage match with Rollins on commentary, Bobby Lashley came out and viciously attacked all three superstars. The following week, Lashley, whom Big E defeated for the title in September, explained his actions and demanded Pearce and Deville add him to the championship match at Day 1; however, Owens and Rollins took exception to this, while Big E himself stated that it did not matter who he faced at Day 1 whether it was Rollins, Owens or Lashley-- he would still be champion. Pearce and Deville then came out and scheduled Lashley to face Owens, Rollins and Big E, respectively, where if he ran the gauntlet, he would be added to the championship match. Lashley was successful and was added to the WWE Championship match at Day 1, turning what was originally a one-on-one match with Rollins into a fatal four-way match. Furthermore, free agent Brock Lesnar was added to the match following the announcement of Roman Reigns' positive COVID-19 diagnosis on January 1, thus making it a fatal five-way match. On the November 29, 2021 edition of "Raw," Edge made his return from hiatus in his first post-draft appearance since the 2021 WWE Draft results went into effect following Crown Jewel. Edge, who was drafted to "Raw," then listed off names of potential opponents he had not yet faced. The Miz, along with his wife Maryse, interrupted, with Miz also making his return from hiatus after filming the 30th season of "Dancing with the Stars," feeling disrespected as his return was not promoted like Edge's was and also because he was not on Edge's list of potential opponents. After a heated verbal exchange, Miz teased fighting Edge, however, Miz rejected and departed. The following week, Edge was a guest on "Miz TV." After another heated verbal exchange between the two, Miz challenged Edge to a match at Day 1 and Edge accepted. On the November 8, 2021 edition of "Raw," Liv Morgan won a fatal five-way match to earn a Raw Women's Championship match against Becky Lynch. The title match took place on the December 6, 2021 edition of "Raw" where Lynch retained the title by using the ropes as leverage during the pin. The following week, Lynch celebrated her win and insulted Morgan. An irate Morgan then came out, lambasted Lynch for cheating to win and demanded a rematch at Day 1. The two then brawled where Lynch attacked Morgan's arm using the steel steps. Lynch then accepted Morgan's challenge. Canceled match. At Crown Jewel, Reigns defeated Lesnar to retain the Universal Championship with help from The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso). The following night on "SmackDown," an irate Lesnar attacked Reigns, The Usos, other wrestlers of the "SmackDown" roster and security personnel due to being cheated out of the championship. Pearce suspended Lesnar indefinitely and Lesnar responded by performing two F-5s on Pearce, who later fined Lesnar $1 million. On the November 26, 2021 edition of "SmackDown," Sami Zayn won a Black Friday battle royal to become the number one contender for the Universal Championship, after which it was announced by Kayla Braxton that Lesnar's suspension was lifted and he would return the following week. The following week, Lesnar channeled his inner Theodore Long and convinced Zayn to face Reigns for the title that night instead of at Day 1. Deville made it official and that the winner would defend the Universal Championship against Lesnar. Before the match, however, Lesnar attacked Zayn with an F-5, allowing Reigns to quickly defeat Zayn and retain the title, officially scheduling Reigns to defend the championship against Lesnar. On the December 17, 2021 edition of "SmackDown," as Reigns believed that Paul Heyman was responsible for Lesnar's return at SummerSlam due to Heyman being Lesnar's longtime advocate, Reigns fired Heyman as special counsel and Lesnar saved Heyman from a beatdown from Reigns and The Usos. However, hours before the event, the match was canceled due to Reigns, who is in a immunocompromised state after his previous battles with leukemia, testing positive for COVID-19, with Lesnar instead being added to "Raw"s WWE Championship match due to his status as a free agent. Aftermath. "Raw". On the January 3, 2022 edition of "Raw," Lesnar reunited with Heyman, with Heyman stating that Lesnar's first challenger would be decided in Day 1's originally scheduled fatal four-way between Lashley, Owens, Rollins and Big E with the winner challenging Lesnar for the WWE Championship at the Royal Rumble. Lashley won the match to earn the championship opportunity against Lesnar at Royal Rumble. Also on "Raw," Miz and Maryse berated Edge and Beth Phoenix after Phoenix had distracted Miz by chasing Maryse from ringside. Edge and Phoenix then challenged Miz and Maryse to a mixed tag team match at the Royal Rumble. Despite Maryse's displeasure, Miz accepted. Morgan interrupted Lynch and wanted another rematch. Bianca Belair interrupted, also staking a claim to a title match. Doudrop confronted Pearce and Deville for an opportunity at the title. Deville and Pearce scheduled Morgan, Belair and Doudrop to face each other in a triple threat match the following week to determine Lynch's challenger for the title at the Royal Rumble. Thanks to interference from Lynch, who was on commentary, Doudrop won by pinning Morgan. On the January 17, 2022 edition of "Raw," Lynch and Doudrop won a tag team match when Doudrop, who tagged herself into the match after breaking up a pinfall attempt by Lynch on Morgan, pinned Morgan herself. "SmackDown". On the following "SmackDown," The Usos successfully defended the SmackDown Tag Team Championship against The New Day in a street fight tag team match; this was also The New Day's final opportunity at the title so long as The Usos are champions. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023813 Newington West (London County Council constituency) Newington West was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1919. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023820 Hitoshi Nanba is a Japanese anime director. Nanba started working in the anime industry in 1982 and directed his first full series in 1989. Since then, some of the series he has directed include "Heroman", "Gosick", and "Golden Kamuy". Biography. Hitoshi Nanba was born in Niigata Prefecture. He started working in the anime industry in 1982 and was put in charge of directing for the first time with "Dash! Yonkuro" in 1989. Following "Dash! Yonkuro", he directed the anime adaptation of "Gosick" in 2011. In 2018, he was put in charge of the anime adaptation of "Golden Kamuy". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023831 Zethus (crater) Zethus is the a large crater on Jupiter's moon Thebe. The crater is named after Zethus, the husband of the nymph Thebe in Greek mythology, and is the only named surface feature on Thebe. It measures across in diameter, making quite large when compared to Thebe itself. Zethus, like many other craters on Thebe and Amalthea has bright spots located near its rim. Zethus never faces Jupiter due to being tidally locked to Jupiter in a way that Thebe's long axis points towards Jupiter. References. Cited sources 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023852 Zvonimir Mihanovic Zvonimir Mihanovic (born 1946) is a Croatian artist. Early life. Zvonimir Mihanovic was born in Donje Sitno on August 12, 1946 (today part of the Split-Dalmatia County). Sitno was originally part of the Republic of Poljica and the Mihanovic family roots can be traced in Sitno to the 17th century. Education. After graduating high school in Split, Mihanovic entered the Academy of Fine Arts in Zagreb, and then at the Accademia di Brera in Milan. In 1971, Mihanovic entered the Ecole Beaux Arts in Paris, graduating in 1976. Croatian War of Independence. In 1991, the then president of Croatia enlisted Mihanovic for the "Art-Garde" a group of artists writers etc who helped protect Croatian artistic treasures from looting and damage during the Croatian War of Independence, and he made contributions to this effort. Mihanovic was awarded the Order of Danica Hrvatska in 1996. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023878 Fred O'Donovan (actor) Fred O'Donovan (1884-1952) was an Irish actor, early film maker, theatre manager and pioneer of television drama production. For many years he gave the definitive portrayal of the title character in J.M. Synge's "The Playboy of the Western World", as well as other prominent roles at Dublin's Abbey Theatre. He was manager of the Abbey for a time, and appeared in and directed films, television, and on the stage in Britain and abroad before becoming a producer/director in the BBC's fledgling television service both before and after World War II. Early life and career. He was born in Dublin in 1884 as Frederick George Saunders. His father was a coachbuilder. He attended the protestant Diocesan Intermediate School, and worked for a time in a land office. He joined the company of the Abbey Theatre in 1908, and was promptly cast in the lead part in "The Man Who Missed the Tide", taking the stage name Fred O'Donovan. The next year he took over the title role in "The Playboy of the Western World" from W.G. Fay as the Abbey company appeared at the Court Theatre in London. The same year the Abbey was premiering Bernard Shaw's one-act "The Shewing-Up of Blanco Posnet" because the censor had banned it from London theatres on the grounds of blasphemy, and O'Donovan took the leading part of an American cowboy. He often said it was his favorite role. In 1911 O'Donovan was again starring in "The Playboy of the Western World" when the company embarked on its first American tour. Some Irish-Americans objected to the play as disrespectful towards Ireland and there were protests in Boston and New York. Some rioters were arrested, and in Philadelphia not only were rioters arrested but the company were as well, charged with presenting plays likely to corrupt public morals. The charges were later dropped. O'Donovan continued to appear with the Abbey company in Ireland and England in such plays as "Deirdre of the Sorrows", "The Countess Cathleen" and "The Workhouse Ward" as well as revivals of the "Playboy" while taking leading parts in "Maurice Harte", "The Whiteheaded Boy", "John Bull's Other Island" and "Man and Superman". He played the revolutionary Robert Emmet in "The Dreamers" by Lennox Robinson. An oil painting of him in this part hangs in the Abbey Theatre. Cinema. In 1916 there were plenty of cinemas in Ireland but the (silent) films were nearly all either American or made by American companies visiting Ireland. The Film Company of Ireland was started to change that. O'Donovan, J.M. Kerrigan, O'Donovan's wife Nora Clancy, and other actors were recruited from the Abbey with the proviso that the work would not interfere with their appearances on stage. The company's first production was "O'Neil of the Glen", a love story directed by Kerrigan with O'Donovan playing the villain. At its opening in Dublin in August, critics and audiences were delighted with the homegrown content. "Bioscope" commented,The film, which was expected to prove a good draw, actually surpassed all anticipations, a record being established for the week, and queues being the rule every evening.Encouraged by the public reaction, Film Company of Ireland proceeded to make a series of comedies in which O'Donovan and the others appeared, followed by a drama, "The Eleventh Hour". The next year Kerrigan moved to the United States and O'Donovan took on directing, first the comedy "Rafferty's Rise" in which he also took the lead part of a constable. Next he starred in and directed "When Love Came to Gavin Burke". "Irish Limelight" published a detailed description of a day spent at the film shoot. The company's next step was to take a major leap forward in ambition: a full-length adaptation of "Knocknagow", Charles Kickham's epic novel set in the time of the Irish famine and land clearances in the 19th Century, that was published in 1873. O'Donovan directed and took a supporting role. Commented the critic in the Cavan "Anglo-Celt":With a true appreciation of the artistic, the various degrees of tone have been lifted from the novel, and placed on the screen just as Kickham would have done it himself. The happy peasantry, the prowess of the youth at the hurling match, the hammer-throwing contest, the unexpected "hunt", the love scenes and the comedy - the life as it was before the agent of the absentee landlord came like a dark shadow on the scene, and with crowbar and torch, laid sweet Knocknagow in ruins - all were depicted by the very perfect actors who made up the cast."Irish Limelight" described the film as a "triumphant" commercial success and pointed up its popularity in the United States. The Dublin "Evening Telegraph" reported that it was shown for three weeks in Boston and "took more money than the much 'boosted' "Birth of a Nation"". Nearly all FCOI's films have since been lost with the exception of "Knocknagow", which can be seen on You Tube and at festivals. O'Donovan made no more silent films and FCOI ceased operations in 1920. Theatre. The management of the Abbey Theatre has been in turmoil for much of its existence. W.B. Yeats and Lady Gregory presided over the Abbey but found it a constant struggle to find the right person to handle the day-to-day workings of the theatre. In March 1917 they decided to ask O'Donovan to take over as manager. He also proceeded to assume the directing of the plays, including the first performances of "The Lost Leader", "Blight" and "The Parnellite". Peter Kavanagh describes this period: A notable event was O'Donovan's bringing on to the company F.J. McCormick, who was to become one of the Abbey's all-time great stars. By late 1918 O'Donovan was thinking of moving on. He wanted more money, and was irritated by interference, specifically from Yeats's newly-married wife Georgie who with no theatre experience would look on at rehearsals and go to Yeats with criticisms. In March 1919 O'Donovan resigned, and several of the longer-serving members of the company left with him. They toured together for a time, and then O'Donovan decided to move to England. London theatre. Through the 1920s and 1930s O'Donovan appeared in, directed or produced over 80 plays in London. He also toured the British Isles and Southern Africa. In addition to the well-known Irish plays he took the opportunity of increasing his scope. O'Donovan played Aguecheek in "Twelfth Night" in 1922 and Lopahin in "The Cherry Orchard" in 1925, both in London. He was also Sir Lucius O'Trigger in "The Rivals" on BBC radio in 1935. He directed Donald Wolfit and appeared himself in "The Moon in the Yellow River". "The Times" pointed to his portrayal of Father Keegan in Shaw's "John Bull's Other Island" as especially memorable. This was at the Court Theatre in 1921. St John Ervine's "Mixed Marriage" deals with sectarian strife in Northern Ireland. The "Manchester Guardian" described O'Donovan's performance as the labour leader John Rainey: "[He] has a commanding presence. There is about him a dreadful sincerity. Greatly played, as he is here, he is intolerance incarnate." Of O'Donovan as Joxer Daly in "Juno and the Paycock" in 1929, the same critic said: "His portrayal of the furtive sycophant is quintessential." Of his performance in "And So To Bed", "The Times" commented, "His richness of voice and gesture and his sly fun as Samuel Pepys remain in the memory as something perfect of their kind." In 1927 the New York impresario Lee Shubert engaged O'Donovan and an entire company, including O'Donovan's (third) wife Joyce Chancellor, to take the boat to New York and stage the play there. However, after one week's tryout in Connecticut Shubert decided to replace O'Donovan with an American actor and O'Donovan and Chancellor headed home. He also worked in film. In "Ourselves Alone", about the Irish independence struggle, he played a barman at a pub where the IRA kept its weapons. He had a brief part as a detective in Alfred Hitchcock's "Young and Innocent". Other films included "The Vicar of Bray", "The House of the Spaniard" and "General John Regan". Critical acclaim. Cyril Cusack cited O'Donovan as one of "the greats". Of a revival of the "Playboy" in 1925, the "Manchester Guardian" commented: O'Donovan still reveals the exquisite marriage of realism and romance which the Abbey Theatre created. He can tell you of the hog in the ditch and the Lady Helen in Paradise with an equally persuasive tone. The audience is lifted, as it were, from the middens of County Mayo to the loftier slopes of Parnassus and hardly knows that it has been translated. From "Ireland's Abbey Theatre" by Lennox Robinson: Fred O'Donovan from the moment of his first appearance on the stage was an actor "par excellence". I don't mean to say that he didn't improve and enrich himself, that he didn't go from strength to strength, but he didn't have to grope and stumble for a couple of years as so many players have to do. Barry [Fitzgerald] had to grope and stumble and then suddenly shine out. During the Abbey's 1911 US tour O'Donovan was interviewed in his dressing room at Maxine Elliott's Theatre by a journalist from the "New York World". This was published under the headline "Aim of Irish Players". In this O'Donovan said, We seek first of all to act truthfully. Simplicity and naturalness of acting are but a means to obtain that end. There must of course be selection of and emphasis in acting to make the essentials stand out with sufficient boldness to carry the dramatist's thought into the mind of the audience, but we seek to use as little exaggeration as possible. There is a great danger to the actor in exaggerating, [in that] he will unintentionally heighten his exaggeration, for effect or for applause, until the essential truthfulness of his portrayal becomes lost. Television. In 1936 the BBC launched the first high-definition television service in the world. It transmitted two hours of TV a day from Alexandra Palace, a Victorian exhibition hall in north London, to a range of about 25 miles around the capital. Drama was to be a major constituent of the programming. O'Donovan was cast in one of the first plays, "The Workhouse Ward" by Lady Gregory. "The Times" commented: Here was a play finely acted and admirably suited to the television screen because of its intimate atmosphere. We were in the workhouse ward with the two old vagabonds and we could note every emotion fluttering across the features of Fred O'Donovan or Harry Hutchinson as they quarrelled deliciously together. It was the whole play, visual and aural, in a way that sound alone can never be. Once the technology of sending pictures through the ether had been invented, a whole new expertise had to be devised: how to make television programs. The medium was quite different from motion pictures, and even more different from radio and live theatre. The pioneer program makers found themselves inventing their own profession as they went along. In early 1938 the BBC hired O'Donovan as a drama producer, a job now termed "director", and he set rapidly to learn an entirely new job. His first broadcast was Sean O'Casey's one-act comedy "The End of the Beginning". His second was Yeats's mystical verse play "Deirdre". "The Times" wrote that it was "staged by Mr Fred O'Donovan in the style of an ancient saga come to life, beautiful to look at and to listen to, remote and not too strange." One of O'Donovan's cast in "Deirdre", playing the part of the Dark-faced Messenger, was Robert Adams, an actor from British Guiana, who soon after starred in "The Emperor Jones" by Eugene O'Neill, becoming the first black actor to play a leading dramatic role on the new medium of television. Early on O'Donovan devised a scheme which Denis Johnston describes: [O'Donovan would] build a house in the center of the studio, with double-sided doors and flats, and as his players moved with beautiful continuity from one room to another, the cameras would pick them up, each in turn, shooting from the outside in. Very nice indeed, until a camera started to act up, and you found that you couldn't get another one into its place, because of all the scenery in the way. In October 1938 "The Times" critic wrote: Mr Sean O'Casey's "Juno and the Paycock" was beautifully presented on the television screen for the first time last week by Mr Fred O'Donovan. Skilful use of the mobility of the cameras allowed shots to be taken of the adjoining room, and of the street door, and of the funeral procession passing by. The future of television seems to lie in extending the stage in this way, and emancipating the production from stage conventions. After a time O'Donovan came up with the idea of eliminating the mixing between cameras by using only one: dollying up and down from close-up to long shot, walking the actors in and out of vision when they happened to have a line coming, sometimes for as much as 10 or 15 minutes. Commenting on this "One Camera" technique Michael Barry said, "By reducing the mechanical complication to a minimum he obtained a smoothness and a serenity that became the O'Donovan hallmark upon the screen." O'Donovan himself told the "Radio Times": "Mind you, this means much more work at rehearsals and it is more exacting in that the cast have to be grouped to suit the camera position, but I do contend that this method makes for a smoother and sometimes more polished performance." Many more plays followed, including the much-anticipated "The Fame of Grace Darling", about the Victorian heroine who, with her lighthousekeeper father, saved thirteen people from a shipwreck in 1838. The "Observer" described O'Donovan's production of "General John Regan" as "the most laughter-provoking thing that television has yet given." With the start of World War II in September 1939 the television service was closed down, partly so enemy bombers could not radiolocate on the transmissions and partly for the engineers to work on radar. O'Donovan transferred to radio drama as an actor and producer, working on along with much else a selection from "Tristram Shandy" and the BBC's first family serial, "The Robinson Family". In 1944 he was given a leave of absence to appear in "The Last of Summer" in the West End, with Fay Compton, directed by John Gielgud. Following the allied victory television started up again in 1946 and O'Donovan returned to Alexandra Palace. Despite continuing doubts among radio broadcasters about the value of television, the service strove to grow, and by 1950 over 30 hours of programs a week were being transmitted and between 30% and 50% of the British population were within range. O'Donovan was nothing if not ambitious in his choice of plays to televise. Along with Eugene O'Neill's "Anna Christie" and Shaw's "Candida" came Sierra's "The Kingdom of God" and Yeats's perplexing "The Player Queen". He made time to appear in a film "Another Shore", directed by Charles Crichton. In total O'Donovan directed 68 shows on BBC television, and acted in 25 more. None of his television work survives - it was all done before the invention of video recording. There would be a sample, were it not for one wrinkle. One of O'Donovan's most notable productions was "The Scarlet Pimpernel", in 1950. The "Manchester Guardian" said "The cramping limitations of television dissolved a little before Fred O'Donovan's clever production." It was decided to preserve the piece and a film camera was set up in front of a monitor. The next day came an irate phone call from the movie mogul Sir Alexander Korda, who claimed to own the film rights for the story, and demanded that the BBC's footage be destroyed. It was. In 1951 O'Donovan began having health problems. The following year he was invited to Paris to demonstrate his one-camera technique and direct an adaptation of "Rebecca". A few weeks after returning he entered hospital in Northwood for surgery on an obstructed intestine. He contracted pneumonia, and died on 19 July 1952, aged 68. He was cremated at Golders Green Crematorium and his ashes were scattered there. Personal life. He was married three times, first in 1912 to Lilian Golding, who acted with the Abbey and in several films from FCOI as Nora Clancy. Later that decade O'Donovan started a liaison with Muriel Jameson, daughter of a Dublin journalist. The two were living in England when they had a son, who was born in 1920. Lilian/Nora sued for divorce, and O'Donovan and Jameson married in 1922. Muriel died of pulmonary tuberculosis in 1924, aged 25. In 1927 O'Donovan married the Irish actress Joyce Chancellor, with whom he had a daughter. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023898 Daviesia arthropoda Daviesia arthropoda is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to Central Australia. It is a glabrous shrub with widely spreading branches, sharply-pointed, narrowly egg-shaped phyllodes with the narrower end towards the base, and yellow flowers with faint red markings. Description. "Daviesia arthropoda" is a glabrous shrub that typically grows to a height of and has branches spreading at right-angles to the main stem. The phyllodes are scattered along the branchlets and are sharply pointed, narrowly egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base, mostly long and wide. The flowers are arranged singly or in pairs in axils on a peduncle long with bracts about long, each flower on a pedicel long. The five sepals are long and joined at the base, the lobes triangular and more or less equal in length. The standard petal is yellow with a red centre and about long, the wings yellow with a red base and about long and the keel sac-like, yellow and about long. Flowering occurs from April to August and the fruit is a flattened, triangular pod long. Taxonomy and naming. "Daviesia arthropoda" was first formally described in 1874 by Ferdinand von Mueller in "Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae" from specimens collected in Kata Tjuta by Ernest Giles. The specific epithet ("arthropoda") means "jointed foot", referring to the peduncles. Distribution. This species of pea grows on sand dunes with "Spinifex" and "Acacia" species and in widespread and scattered in Central Australia from the Little Sandy Desert in Western Australia, through the Northern Territory and South Australia to western Queensland. Conservation status. This daviesia is classified as "Priority Three" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions, meaning that it is poorly known and known from only a few locations but is not under imminent threat but as of "least concern" in the Northern Territory and Queensland. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023912 W. Wallace Kelley W. Wallace Kelley (February 2, 1902 - September 27, 1982) was an American cinematographer and visual effects artist. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Visual Effects for the film "Unconquered". Kelley died in September 1982 in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 80. He was buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023940 Adam Helewka Adam Helewka (born on July 21, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He is currently playing with the Cleveland Monsters of the American Hockey League (AHL). Early life. Helewka was born on July 21, 1995, in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, to parents Alison and Dave. His mother, a teacher, was born and raised in Wales while his father played rugby in Saskatchewan. Playing career. Growing up in Burnaby, Helewka played with the Burnaby Winter Club of the Burnaby Minor Hockey League and Vancouver Northwest Giants, of the BC Hockey Major Midget League. After originally being cut from his tier-one team during his second year of bantams, and failing to join the Giants, he enrolled at the Athol Murray College of Notre Dame and played Double-A midget hockey. He played two seasons with Notre Dame before joining the Giants for one season in 2011-12. Following his single season with the Giants, Helewka joined the Spokane Chiefs of the Western Hockey League (WHL) for their 2012-13 season. During his rookie season with the team, Helewka led Chief rookies wth 10 goals and 17 assists in 60 games to win the teams Rookie of the Year award. Although he was eligible for the 2013 and 2014 NHL Entry Drafts, Helewka went undrafted and remained eligible for the 2015 draft. During the 2014-15 season, Helewka increased his production output and recorded 44 goals and 43 assists for 87 points in 69 games. As a result, he was drafted 106th overall by the San Jose Sharks that summer. On December 16, 2015, Helewka was suspended for six games as a result of an after a post-horn fight with Parker Wotherspoon of the Tri City Americans. The six-game suspension was the longest in the WHL that season and carried a $1,000 fine for the team. Following the suspension, Helewka was traded to the Red Deer Rebels in exchange for Wyatt Johnson, Eli Zummack, a 2nd round selection in the 2016 Western Hockey League Bantam Draft and a 5th round pick in the 2017 WHL Bantam Draft. He concluded his major junior ice hockey career on March 3, 2016, by signing a three-year entry-level contract with the Sharks. Professional. Upon completing his major junior career, Helewka joined the Sharks' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the San Jose Barracuda, for the 2016-17 season. In his first full season with the team, Helewka scored 14 goals and 15 assists in 58 games. On June 15, 2018, the Sharks traded Helewka to the Arizona Coyotes in exchange for Kyle Wood. At the time of the trade, he had recorded 23 goals and 44 assists for 67 points through 121 career games. He immediately joined the Coyotes AHL affiliate, the Tucson Roadrunners, for 2018-19 before being traded to the Nashville Predators mid-way through the season. Despite the trade, Helewka continued setting new career highs in points with 38 and goals with 16 through 48 combined games with the Milwaukee Admirals and the Roadrunners. As a result, he was signed to a one-year contract to remain with the Predators organization on February 27, 2019. Helewka's stint with the Predators organization was short-lived, however, as he was acquired by the New Jersey Devils on June 22, 2019, in exchange for future considerations. However, prior to the start of the 2019-20 season, Helewka left North America to join the Barys Nur-Sultan of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He played eight games with the Nur-Sultan before joining the Linkoping HC of the Swedish Hockey League. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Helewka was loaned to the HKM Zvolen of the Tipos extraliga. On April 24, 2020, Helewka returned to North America and signed an AHL contract with the Cleveland Monsters, the Columbus Blue Jackets AHL affiliate. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023951 Coisas Coisas is an album by Brazilian composer Moacir Santos recorded in 1965 and released on the Forma record label. The album was listed by Ben Ratliff in his 100 most important recordings and by Rolling Stone in their 100 Greatest Brazilian Music Records. Reception. Although the album was not met with acclaim when first released, it has gone on to receive praise. "The New York Times" described the album as "one of the great accomplishments of modern Brazilian music". Writing for the "Village Voice," Larry Blumenfeld called the album a "brilliant record". Ben Ratliff wrote that the album sounds like it was a mixture of West Coast jazz and samba and the arrangements on Blue Note recordings. Ratliff had earlier described the album as "a brilliant unification of large-ensemble jazz arranging, wickedly persuasive songwriting and Afro-Brazilian rhythm." The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 1/2 stars, writing that the album "melds the various tonalities and flavors of creative jazz to the heart of Brazil's folkloric and emergent musical traditions." Original copies of the album are hard to find with records selling for large amounts of money. The song "Coisa No. 5" was later given lyrics by Mario Telles and renamed "Nana". The song has been recorded by over 100 artists including Edison Machado, Eumir Deodato and Sergio Mendes. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023971 Ultra-Black Ultra-black is one of the darkest shades of the color black. An ultra-black substance is defined as reflecting less than 0.5% of the light that hits its surface. This color is part of the natural coloration of some species of birds-of-paradise, butterflies, and fishes, and ultra-black components are used in telescopes, cameras, and solar panels to improve the efficiency of light capture. Discovery in Fishes. The first recorded instance of ultra-black coloration being discovered in a species of fish occurred in 2020, when a group of researchers were examining fishes caught in trawls during research cruises in Monterey Bay, California, and the Gulf of Mexico. A total of 16 out of the 18 species caught in these trawls were found to have skin that reflected less than 0.5% of the light that hit it and that could thus be termed ultra-black. The specimen with the darkest skin, an anglerfish belonging to the genus "Oneirodes," also tied some species of birds-of-paradise as having the darkest pigment in any animal, reflecting only 0.044% of the light that hit it. This ultra-black skin may serve several purposes depending on the biology, preferred food sources, and predators of each species. While most of these species likely use this coloration as camouflage to hide from predators, some of them, including fish that attract prey using bioluminescent lures like "Astronesthes micropogon" and "Oneirodes" sp., could potentially use ultra-black skin to catch prey unawares and prevent them from being seen in the light from their own lures. In some cases, ultra-black skin might also serve to block light that the fish does not want to emit, with ultra-black skin over the gut potentially blocking light emitted by bioluminescent prey while being digested. Mechanism. The ultra-black coloration of these deep-sea fishes is due to a pigment called melanin, the same pigment that gives human skin its coloration, and the reason the skin of these fishes is so much darker than human skin is due to both the amount of melanin present and arrangement of the melanin. The skin of the deep-sea fishes contains one layer filled with small organelles called melanosomes that contain melanin, and in these fishes the melanosomes are both larger and more abundant than in other animals, with very few gaps resulting in a solid layer of pigment. The high concentration of the pigment is augmented by the melanosomes being aligned in a way that scatters incoming light sideways into other melanosomes rather than reflecting it directly back, which in turn increases the amount of pigment the light hits before it is reflected out of the fishes' skin, ultimately reducing the amount of light that the fishes emit. This has a significant effect on reducing the fishes' visibility, and it is estimated that reducing the amount of light that a deep-sea fish reflects from 2% to 0.05% reduces the distance at which the fish can be seen by 84%. What makes these fishes unique from other animals that have ultra-black coloration like butterflies and birds-of-paradise is that those animals have structures that capture light and direct it into the melanin in their skin, while the fishes do not have those structures and rely solely on the pigment in their melanosomes to absorb incoming light. Being able to reproduce the mechanism these fishes use to absorb light has industrial applications because the ultra-black products humans make use carbon nanotubes, which are very delicate, to trap light and being able to replace these nanotubes with a pigment-based system would improve the durability of current products and open the door for new applications. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69023984 2006 Serbian local elections A small number of municipalities in Serbia held local elections in 2006 for mayors, assembly members, or both. These were not part of the country's regular cycle of local elections but instead took place in certain jurisdictions where either the local government had fallen or the term of the municipal assembly had expired. Serbia had introduced the direct election of mayors in 2002. This practice was abandoned with the 2008 Serbian local elections, but it was still in effect in 2006, and some mayor by-elections took place during the year. The constituent municipalities of Belgrade did not have directly elected mayors, and in these jurisdictions mayors were chosen by the elected assembly members. All assembly elections were held under proportional representation with a three per cent electoral threshold. Results. Belgrade. Municipalities of Belgrade. Barajevo. An election for the Barajevo municipal assembly was held on 1 October 2006, with repeat voting in some polls on 8 October. The results of the election were as follows: Incumbent mayor Rade Stevanovic of the Democratic Party of Serbia was selected for another term in office on 8 December 2006. He was dismissed from office on 12 February 2007 but was reinstated nine days later. Branislav Duric of the Radical Party appears to have been acting mayor during the brief time Stevanovic was out of office. Stevanovic was again dismissed on 30 April 2007. Igor Jevtic of New Serbia was initially dismissed as deputy mayor at the same time; however, his dismissal was overturned on 15 May and he appears to have served as acting mayor prior to the appointment of Branka Savic of the Democratic Party on 25 June. Vojvodina. Central Banat District. Novi Becej. Novi Becej mayor Aca T. Dukicin was defeated in a recall election on 9 April 2006. The results were as follows: A by-election to select a new mayor was held over two rounds on 4 and 18 June 2006. The results were as follows: South Backa District. Becej. Former Becej mayor Dorde Predin had been defeated in a 2005 recall election, and a by-election to replace him was held over two rounds on 5 and 19 February 2006. Peter Knezi, who had served as deputy mayor, may have been acting mayor during the election period. The results were as follows: Central Serbia (excluding Belgrade). Nisava District. Razanj. Razanj mayor Zivotije Popovic was defeated in a recall election on 30 April 2006. The results were as follows: New assembly elections had originally been scheduled for later in the year, as the previous elections had been held in 2002. Following Popovic's defeat in the recall vote, the assembly elections were brought forward by a few months to coincide with the new mayoral election. Both elections took place on 25 June 2006. The second round of voting in the mayoral election took place on 9 July 2006. The results of the election for the Municipal Assembly of Razanj were as follows: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024033 Huazhen Lin Huazhen Lin () is a Chinese statistician known for her research on survival analysis and nonparametric statistics. She works as a professor of statistics and director of the Center of Statistical Research at Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in Chengdu. Education and career. Lin studied mathematics at Sichuan University, earning a bachelor's degree in 1989 and master's degree in 1992. She completed a Ph.D. in 1999 in the School of Public Health of the West China University of Medical Sciences, which later merged into Sichuan University. She worked as an instructor at the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China from 1992 until 1999, when she moved to the College of Mathematics of Sichuan University. After postdoctoral research at the University of Washington in the US from 2003 to 2005, she returned to Sichuan University in 2006 as a full professor. She moved again to Southwestern University in 2010, and became director of the Center of Statistical Research there in 2013. Recognition. Lin was named a Distinguished Professor in the Changjiang Scholars Program in 2016. In 2021, Lin was named a Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics, "for outstanding contributions to theory and methods for survival analysis and semiparametric/nonparametric modeling; for dedicated service to the profession; and for strong leadership in statistics education and development in China." 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024035 Ricardo de los Rios Ricardo de los Rios (1846, Valladolid - May 1929, Madrid) was a Spanish painter, engraver, etcher and illustrator. He spent most of his early career in Paris. Biography. He studied painting with Isidore Pils, at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts de Paris. His initial works comprised battle scenes, portraits, still-lifes and interiors, as well as copies of the masters. His first exhibit came at the Salon in 1867. Three years later, he was able to open a studio on the Boulevard du Montparnasse. Most of his oeuvre consists of engravings and etchings. He is known to have associated with the group of etchers led by Alfred Cadart, founder of the Societe des Aquafortistes, and may have been given lessons by one of its members. Several of his works appeared in Cadart's publications from 1876 to 1881. He became an associate member of the Societe des Artistes Francais, and exhibited at their salon until 1899; as well as with the Societe Nationale des Beaux-Arts from 1890 to 1894. He was awarded a silver medal at the Exposition Universelle (1889), and had a small showing at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago (1893). For several years, he was represented in the United States by the famous Knoedler art dealership. In 1899, he returned to Spain, where he succeeded as Professor of Engraving at the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando, in Madrid. He apparently did very little original work after that. He is primarily remembered for his etched illustrations of classic works; by Cervantes, Victor Hugo, Balzac and Alain-Rene Lesage, among others. He also did engraved portraits of notable people, such as Garibaldi and Pasteur, as well as his fellow Spanish artists. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024073 Noah Hotham Noah Hotham is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for in the Bunnings NPC. His position is halfback. Career. Hotham was named in the Tasman Mako squad as a development player for the 2021 Bunnings NPC. He made his debut for Tasman against at Trafalgar Park in a non-competition match, coming off the bench in a 26-9 win for the Mako. He played his first official Bunnings NPC match in the final of the competition against in his hometown of Hamilton, with Tasman losing 23-20. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024076 Verbascum olympicum Verbascum olympicum, the Greek mullein, Olympian mullein or Olympic mullein, is a species of flowering plant in the family Scrophulariaceae, native to northwest Turkey. A short-lived perennial reaching , the Royal Horticultural Society considers it a good plant to attract pollinators. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024077 Pescadero Middle and High School Pescadero Middle and High School is a public school located in Pescadero, California, United States, the only middle and high school within the La Honda-Pescadero Unified School District. Serving 159 students in grades 6-12 as of the 2019-2020 school year, it is the most sparsely populated comprehensive public middle and high school in San Mateo County. The school was founded in 1922, and is designated as a Necessary Small School by the California legislature, meaning the school receives government funds to subsidize its operating costs. About. Pescadero Middle and High School is part of the La Honda-Pescadero Unified School District. In general, the school includes students in grades 6-12 from Pescadero, along with grades 9-12 from La Honda. (La Honda Elementary School serves grades K-8, while Pescadero Elementary School only serves grades K-5.) The rural nature of southern San Mateo County means that the school draws from an area of over 175 square miles, serving as the region's only high school and a significant event space for the community. The district is the smallest unified school district in San Mateo County by population, yet largest by geographic size. The school is designated as both a Title I School and a Necessary Small School, the latter of which results in state funding on a per-classroom basis, as opposed to a per-student basis, which would otherwise be too low to maintain operations. In recent years, local news coverage has highlighted the school's community, calling it a "big family":"How small is this school near the coast of San Mateo County? So small that faculty, staff, and students park in the same lot, taking up about 15 slots. So small that there is just one hallway of lockers, with some empties waiting at the end and others left open because the owners forgot the combination. So small that if students want to leave campus at lunch, they have to come into the office and ask the principal. So small that the high school Yearbook is combined with the middle school's, to fill the pages." -- Sam Whiting, staff writer for "San Francisco Chronicle"As of the 2021-2022 school year, the school offers middle school cross country, high school girls volleyball, and high school boys soccer. Sports are supported by the Vikings Boosters parent group. Twice a year, the school hosts School Cleanup Days, where students, families, and community members participate in cleanup, small maintenance, and large-scale mural projects. The Pescadero Education Foundation, established in 1997, funds various activities and services, including an annual school picnic, field trips, assemblies, garden programs, and more. Academic Offerings. In addition to "core" academic subjects, Pescadero Middle and High School offers Spanish classes, visual arts classes, and optional electives, which include concurrent enrollment with a local community college and project-based community service. In fall 2021, the school introduced an Advisory Block class for all students. The program, which runs for 30 minutes every Wednesday, includes curriculum focused on college and career readiness, student leadership, community service, and socio-emotional learning. History. In the 1850s, settlers began moving to the Pescadero area, mostly for the plentiful land in the region able to be farmed. As more families moved into the area, other establishments, including a blacksmith shop, a stage, and a hotel, were opened. In 1857, one of Pescadero's earliest settlers, Alexander Moore, began to search for a teacher to instruct students in the community. In 1858, Dr. Isaac R. Goodspeed, who had served for years as one of San Mateo's most prominent physicians, began his work as a teacher in the Pescadero school. In 1922, Pescadero High School first opened, in a tall white structure at the center of town. Three years later, a new building opened on North Street, nestled within a mix of residential buildings and farming operations. A local family donated a tract of farmland to the La Honda-Pescadero Unified School District in the late 1950s, the location of the present day high school, which was completed before the 1960 school year. In the late 1990s, the district proposed opening a middle school for grades 6-8, as the two existing schools for K-8 students, Pescadero Elementary and La Honda Elementary, were reaching capacity. The community was divided over whether to develop a site in Pescadero or La Honda, as the two towns are roughly 30 minutes apart. Ultimately, given that there was unused land on Pescadero High School's site, the district chose to build a middle school on the same campus, while keeping La Honda Elementary School a K-8 school. Construction for the new middle school coincided with renovations to the high school, valued at $20 million, which were designed by Sally Swanson Architects and began in 2006. In late 2010, as construction for new classrooms stalled and the school lacked enough portable classrooms for middle school students, sixth graders were temporarily moved to Pescadero Elementary School. The Zahn Group, which was involved in project management, was fired in 2008 after nearly finishing construction on two buildings without necessary approvals from the California Division of the State Architect and the California Coastal Commission, and without hiring an independent inspector to oversee compliance. Two additional wings for the school were planned, but never constructed, because the total population has remained around 150 students. Today, the school functions as a center for the community, hosting athletic and cultural events and providing entertainment space. During the CZU Lightning Complex fires in 2020, local residents gathered at the high school for emergency services and updates about relocation. School Property. Pescadero Middle and High School's campus is surrounded on all four sides by farmland. Pescadero Creek runs to the north and east of the campus. In addition to holding classrooms, the District office is located on campus, as are two tennis courts, two basketball courts, and a grass field used for soccer and baseball by the community. In December 2000, District administrators proposed building a 45-unit complex of townhouses for local teachers on the school's campus, although the project has never been studied or completed. Due to its rural location, the school is not easily accessed by walking, and most homes in downtown Pescadero are five minute away. The school is not served by public transportation. School Groundwater. Fertilizer is used on some farms surrounding the school property. As a result, an unsafe level of nitrate, one of the chemical ingredients used in fertilizer, has seeped into the groundwater. Given that prolonged exposure to nitrate can cause serious health problems, students cannot drink from the water fountains on campus, which are connected to an underground well. Instead, the state ships three-gallon water bottles to campus, allowing students to drink from one of three jugs on campus. Campus staff, including the kitchen cook, use the same supply. The system has been in place since the late 1990s. The District has proposed solutions like drilling a new, deeper well at the school or working with the water utility to run pipes from miles away, but these options have been labeled as exorbitantly expensive. Although researchers have noted that there are many rural communities across California which lack access to clean water, Pescadero High School is unique in that it is in resource-rich San Mateo County and less than an hour away from Silicon Valley. In 1988, the Pescadero special utility district, which provides clean drinking water to local residents and businesses, was established. Although the campus currently lies outside the district, in June 2020, San Mateo County leaders began steps to expand the district's borders to include the campus and the Pescadero fire station. Although the certification of the expansion and engineering stages will take several years, local leaders have secured funding from the California State Water Resources Control Board. Earthquake Potential. In 2011, investigative journalism organization California Watch profiled hundreds of schools across California that do not meet the legal construction codes for earthquake safety. Among the most high-profile of the schools was Pescadero Middle and High School, partially due to allegations that school officials have neglected to perform mandatory safety inspections on campus since the early 1980s. Under California law, it is illegal for school officials to allow children to enter buildings that are not approved by inspectors from the Department of the State Architect. Two residents, Bryan Burns and Jeff Gananian, attempted for several years to take legal action against board members and employees at the district who they alleged were responsible for troubled and incorrect construction projects on campus in the late 2000s. Among the 12 buildings Burns and Gananian identify on campus, one is the school's gymnasium, which has a broken roof and cracks in the foundation. Local coverage has identified this building as particularly troubling, due to the fact that the gymnasium is the location where the community is told to go during emergencies, including earthquake warnings. In the past, paperwork submitted by the district to the Division of the State Architect has incorrectly labelled this building as a classroom, and later as two buildings, the gym and the administration building. Furthermore, the 1972 Alquist-Priolo Earthquake Fault Zoning Act requires maps of California to be drawn with earthquake hazard zones. In 1976, a map of Franklin Point Quadrangle showed Pescadero High School firmly within a fault zone. Six years later, the map was redrawn showing the hazard zone taking a sharp right angle, carving a secure zone around the school. This distinction decreases the number of safety assessments required to be submitted to the community before renovating or building on the site. Engineers and geologists alike have noted that the right angle precision of the hazard zone is unlikely, perhaps suggesting that real estate agents and other interest groups hurt by the hazard zone distinction pressured a re-evaluation that would "water down" the map. A map of the area's hazard zones has not been redrawn since 1982. Statistics. Demographics. Despite functioning as one school, demographics data are categorized by the District into Pescadero Elementary and Middle School (grades K-8) and Pescadero High School (grades 9-12). 2019-2020 for Pescadero High School (grades 9-12): Among the student body: 2019-2020 for Pescadero Middle School (grades 6-8): 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024086 Emani 22 Emani Johnson (December 27, 1998 - October 11, 2021), better known as Emani 22, was an American R#amp;B singer. She was from Lancaster, California. She collaborated with Trippie Redd on the songs "Emani's Interlude" and "Fire Starter", from his 2018 mixtape "A Love Letter to You 3". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024097 Lester Lee Lester Lee (November 7, 1903 - June 19, 1956) was an American composer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Original Song for the film "Miss Sadie Thompson". Lee died in June 1956 of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 52. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024100 Javier Akapo Javier Akapo Martinez (born 3 September 1996) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Segunda Division RFEF club CD Ibiza Islas Pitiusas and the Equatorial Guinea national team. Early life. Akapo was born in Spain to an Equatoguinean father and Spanish mother. International career. Akapo represented Equatorial Guinea at the 2015 COTIF Tournament. He debuted with the senior Equatorial Guinea national team in a 1-1 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification tie with Mauritania on 16 November 2021. Personal life. Akapo is the younger brother of the professional footballer Carlos Akapo. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024102 Dylan Maltz Dylan Maltz is a professional American lacrosse player currently signed with the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League. Maltz played college lacrosse for Syracuse University and University of Maryland as an attackman. Early life. Maltz was born to Derek and Patricia Maltz in November 1994 in Port Jefferson, New York. He grew up in Ashburn, Virginia where he attended Stone Bridge High School. Maltz played lacrosse at high school where he holds scoring records (190 goals, 130 assists and 320 points). College career. Maltz was recruited out of high school. He started playing for the Syracuse Orange men's lacrosse team in 2014. He played in a total of six games during his time with Syracuse recording 3 goals and one assist. Following his freshman year at Syracuse, Maltz transferred to University of Maryland. As a sophomore, Maltz played 18 games, totaling 16 points on 11 goals and five assists. As a junior, Maltz recorded 29 goals and 9 assists in 20 games, totaling a career-high of 38 points. In 2017, Maltz scored two goals and added an assist in the NCAA Division I men's lacrosse championship game against Ohio State University helping the Maryland Terrapins to a 9-6 championship victory. Maltz finished his college career with 72 goals, 21 assists and 56 ground balls. Professional career. Maltz previously played in Major League Lacrosse and the Premier Lacrosse League. From 2018 to 2020, he scored 18 goals and recorded 2 assists during the 11 games he played for Charlotte Hounds and Whipsnakes LC. In March 2021, Maltz joined the National lacrosse league when he signed with the Philadelphia Wings. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024110 Henry Holbert Henry Holbert Jr. (May 7, 1927 - December 1, 1995) was an American football tight end and coach. He served as the head coach for the Alabama State Hornets from 1969 to 1972, in addition to many years as an assistant. Holbert attended college at Tennessee State, playing track and field and football. He played tight end in football, graduating in c. 1944. Shortly after graduating, Holbert started a coaching career in c. 1949, with Druid High School. After two years there he left for the head coach position at Prentiss Junior College, where he would coach between 10 and 12 years. In 1963, Holbert accepted a position as an assistant for Tuskegee University. He spent one year there before leaving for Alabama State University. He served as an assistant coach from 1964 to 1968, until being promoted to head coach in 1969. He served as head coach for three seasons, compiling a record of 21-20, before being demoted in 1973. He was replaced by Willie Parker, and then resigned from the school rather than accept an assistant position. After leaving Alabama State, he accepted an assistant position at Tuskegee University, where he would serve various roles (including offensive coordinator) until retiring in 1992. He died on December 1, 1995, at the age of 68. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024120 The Night Has Eyes (novel) The Night Has Eyes is a 1939 mystery thriller novel by the British writer Alan Kennington. On the Yorkshire Moors a schoolteacher meets and become attracted to a distinctly odd young man living in isolation from the world. Film adaptation. In 1942 it was made into a British film of the same title directed by Leslie Arliss and starring James Mason and Joyce Howard. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024130 Lobsang Sandan Lobsang Sandan (Tibetan: blo-bzng-bsm-gtn-, Chinese:Da La *Luo Sang San Dan , 1933-1985), one of the three reincarnated rinpoches in one family, is the third brother of the 14th Dalai Lama. He is 2 years older than the 14th Dalai Lama, he was recognized as 16th Ngari Rinpoche. Lobsand Sandan once lied about the 14th Dalai Lama and it was confirmed by Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme and the 14th Dalai Lama. On 20 April 1956, Lobsang Sandan was appointed as a member of the Preparatory Committee of the Tibet Autonomous Region and served as the deputy director of the Public Security Department 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024140 Cultural impact and legacy of BTS BTS (), is a South Korean boy band that was formed in 2010 and debuted in 2013. The septet--composed of the members Jin, Suga, J-Hope, RM, Jimin, V, and Jungkook--co-writes and co-produces much of their own output. Originally a hip hop group, their musical style has evolved to include a wide range of genres. The group has had a significant cultural impact and legacy both in Korea and internationally. The commercial influence of BTS upon the Korean economy, along with their philanthropy and other commercial ventures, has received extensive attention in the press and in financial markets. Cultural impact. Internationally, BTS have been described as "easily the biggest and most successful name in K-pop in the world" that can "do things no other name in their genre can", with "Time" giving them the nickname "Princes of Pop". "Billboard"s Senior Vice President Silvio Pietroluongo said that BTS are comparable to and as influential as the Beatles and the Monkees. Nielsen Music Vice President Helena Kosinski said that "although BTS weren't the first to open the doors to K-Pop worldwide, they were the first to become mainstream. They don't just appeal to young people but also to the 50s and 60s age demographic." In 2019, BTS were again named as one of the top 10 Global Recording Artists of the Year by IFPI, for a second time, ranking number 7. In 2020, BTS became the first non-English artist to be named IFPI's #1 Global Recording Artist of the Year. They currently remain as the only non-English speaking act to enter that list. In November 2019, "Billboard" ranked BTS fourth on their Top Social Artist of the 2010s list, making them the highest group on the list. BTS was also ranked No. 45 on "Billboard"'s Top Touring Artists of the 2010s list. They are the highest-ranked Asian act on the list, as well as the only non-English speaking act. BTS have been often regarded as "the biggest boy band in the world". They have also appeared in various power listings. The most tweeted-about celebrities in the world from 2017 to 2020, the group was included in "Time"'s list of the 25 most influential people on the internet from 2017 to 2019, featured on the magazine's October 2018 international edition cover as "Next Generation Leaders," and were listed as one of "Time" 100's most influential people in 2019. After BTS released their single "Idol," the National Gugak Center had to expand the amount of Korean instrument sounds available due to increased demand from Korean and foreign producers alike. BTS also appeared in "Bloomberg Market"s 50 most influential in 2018. In 2019, BTS ranked 43rd on "Forbes"' annual list of the 100 highest-paid celebrities with earnings of $57 million. BTS also ranked first on the list of 'Top Rank Global Sustainable Future Leaders' during an announcement from the UN-sponsored SDG association at the United Nations headquarters, while BTS' fanclub, ARMY, were noted as the 'Top Rank Sustainable Global group'. Other notable people included in this list were Malala Yousafzai and Bill Gates. The group's influence has led them to address the United Nations at their 73rd General Assembly and to perform before 400 officials including South Korean president Moon Jae-in at the 2018 "Korea-France Friendship Concert in Paris", a summit meant to show the friendly relations between France and South Korea. Moon Hee-sang, Speaker of the National Assembly, said that "BTS is doing most of our work," attributing the results of his overseas trip to the credit of the global group on an overseas trip to promote "sales diplomacy". BTS hold twenty-three Guinness World Records. Asia. Although there were THAAD restrictions starting in 2016 that blocked the sales of South Korean items in China, BTS fan clubs were still able to break the record for the most albums purchased at one time. The fan clubs ordered through surrogate shoppers to get around the mandate. When the BTS McDonald's meal was released in Indonesia it caused McDonald's restaurants to close due to the breaking of COVID regulations because of the influx of customers. In October 2019, BTS performed at King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh, becoming the first foreign act to perform a solo concert in Saudi Arabia. In 2020, BTS was the most streamed artist overall in Vietnam. India. President Ram Nath Kovind mentioned BTS in 2018 at an official banquet, stating, "Korean popular culture has also charmed us. From "Gangnam Style" to Korea's band 'BTS', our youth are captivated by the tunes of these iconic pop groups." According to "The Indian Express", during the COVID-19 pandemic a Korean wave swept up India with BTS, along with popular Korean dramas Crash Landing on You and Squid Game, leading the curve. Japan. BTS began the third Korean wave in Japan despite diplomatic difficulties between the two countries. With BTS and girl group Twice in the lead, it went from a subculture to main stream. In 2018 the Japanese boy group King #amp; Prince debuted, their agency stating the group was modeled after BTS due to their popularity. In 2019, the group Ballistik Boyz debuted who were modeled after BTS as well. In 2021, Rakuten Group did a survey to find which country's fashion is the most influential in Japan. Men in their teens and twenties named BTS as the second most popular fashion influence, beat only by Takuya Kimura. During the 2020 Summer Olympics BTS was played during some of the sporting events. BTS broke Oricon's record and became the first artist to achieve over 10 million streams during a single week for at least three songs. BTS are the second foreign singers to reach number one on Oricon album charts, the first being Michael Jackson. They are also the first Korean album to hit number one on the Oricon chart. "" set new album records for the highest first day sales by both a foreigner and a Korean artist in Japan. With their album "BTS, the Best", they became the first Korean group to sell one million copies of an album and it went on to become the best selling album of the year within a single day of sales. Their single "MIC Drop/DNA/Crystal Snow" is the highest ranking song by a Korean artist on the yearly Oricon chart ever achieved and "Butter" became the fastest song to receive platinum certification in history for the chart. North Korea. Despite strict crack downs on K-pop, BTS have been experiencing popularity with the North Korean youth. If the contraband is found, an individual could face five to fifteen years in prison. A private source stated their popularity was due to BTS' meaningful lyrics that tell listeners to 'love themselves'. In 2020, North Korean soldiers were caught partying while listening to "Blood Sweat #amp; Tears". In order to combat their growing popularity, government propaganda was created calling Korean groups like BTS 'slaves' and that they 'suffer miserable lives'. North Korean high schoolers were still caught listening to BTS after the mandate. South Korea. BTS accounted for 41.9 percent of album sales in the first half of 2019, up from their market share of 25.3 percent the previous year. According to a "JoyNews24" 'Power People of 2019' survey among industry professionals, BTS was chosen as number 1 with 74 votes, with number 2 being Parasite Director Bong Joon-ho with 29 votes. BTS topped the list of "Forbes" Korea Power Celebrity in 2018 and 2020, and ranked fifth in 2017 and second in 2019. In December 2019, according to the annual survey conducted by Gallup Korea, BTS were the most preferred artists of 2019 for a second consecutive year. The septet were the first artist not from a "Big Three" entertainment company (SM, YG and JYP) to win Artist of the Year at the 18th Mnet Asian Music Awards in December. Celebrating Korean music icon Seo Taiji's 25th anniversary as a part of his anniversary project "Time: Traveler", BTS released a remake of Seo Taiji's 1995 classic "Come Back Home" in July 2017, reworking the sound and lyrics to similar sentiments toward societal change that Seo Taiji argued for in his songs. BTS was later invited by Seo Taiji to perform as backup vocalists and dancers for eight songs in his Seoul Olympic Stadium concert held early September. During the concert, Seo Taiji acknowledged BTS' thematic similarities to his music and recognized the group as his musical successors, declaring, "This is your generation now. Show them." Kang Soojung, exhibition manager at the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, said that while preparing the 50th anniversary exhibition called "Square", she was greatly influenced by BTS' hidden track "Sea". BTS appeared on "You Quiz on the Block", a South Korean variety show program, where they broke the show's rating records for viewership in March 2021. It was announced in 2021 that k-pop group Blitzers were modeled after BTS. Congresswoman Ryu Ho-jeong used pictures of member Jeon Jungkook showing his tattoos in order to help decriminalize tattoos as they are illegal in the country. In September 2019, president Moon Jae-in also mentioned BTS in his announcement for his '3 major innovation strategies for the contents industry', stating that BTS has pioneered innovative business models that communicate directly with fans. In October 2019, The Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism selected BTS as a recipient for a 'Letter of Appreciation', for showing the world the beauty of Korean traditional culture (Hangul, Hanbok, Gugak) through creative re-interpretations in their music. According to the "2019 South Korean National Image" survey conducted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and its affiliate the Korean Culture and Information Service among 16 countries, BTS were chosen number 2 with 5.5% votes. Despite cultural medals traditionally being given to recipients with more than 15 years of notable achievements, BTS became the youngest ever recipients honored with the Order of Cultural Merit by the President of South Korea in 2018, five years after debuting, due to their noteworthy contributions in spreading Korean culture and language. In 2020, they were again honored as the youngest ever recipients (and only musician in the award's history) to receive the James A. Van Fleet Award, in recognition of their outstanding contributions to the promotion of U.S.-Korea relations. At the end of the year the "BTS Law" was passed by Korean congressmen allowing BTS to put off their mandated military service until they reach thirty years of age instead of twenty-eight. On July 21, 2021, President Moon Jae-in appointed BTS as Special Presidential Envoy for Future Generations and Culture. The appointment is aimed to "raise awareness on global agendas, such as sustainable development, to our future generations and to strengthen the nation's diplomatic power across the world". The group will represent South Korea at various international events, such as the 76th United Nations General Assembly. Philippines. Congressman Alan Peter Cayetano made a "BTS sa Kongreso" (BTS in Congress) bloc with six other congressmen to bring awareness to a Charter Change he wanted implemented. Cayetano called it a success despite the backlash he received, as it went viral and a percentage of the BTS fans supported it. A study completed by iPrice Group in the Philippines found that searches for a brand BTS endorses can more than double after a collaboration, with brands like Coca-Cola and Louis Vuitton growing by 127% and 65%, respectively. In 2021, images of Jungkook were posted by John Geesnell Yap, the mayor of Tagbilaran, to convince citizens to receive the COVID shot. Europe. BTS are the first Asian to get a number one album in Germany. In June 2020, a bi-monthly magazine dedicated solely to BTS was released in Italy reflecting their popularity. In 2016, BTS became the first Korean artist to enter the Official Albums Chart with their album "Wings" in the UK, and in 2021 became the most nominated Korean artist at the MTV Europe Music Awards. They also hold the record for the K-Pop act with the most top 10 hits on the UK Singles Chart. Oli London, a British influencer, got eighteen surgeries costing up to PS150k to look like member Jimin. They are the first Korean group to sell out and perform at Wembley Stadium and the first Korean artist to be nominated at the Brit Awards. North America. Canada. In Canada, BTS are the second highest Asian act to chart on the Canada CHR/Top Forty peaking at number six with "Butter", beat only by Psy's "Gangnam Style" which hit number two. They also hold the record for the longest charting song by a Korean artist, spending twenty-eight weeks on the Canadian Hot 100 with "Dynamite". Mexico. During the 2018 FIFA World Cup, Mexico streamed BTS and began playing their songs on the radio to thank South Korea for defeating Germany as it inadvertently kept them in the World Cup. When the BTS McDonald's meal was released, fans were in line hours before stores were opened, with many waiting up to two hours to get a meal. Within a few hours on the first day, all stores ran out of the special packaging for the meal. United States. BTS became the first K-pop group to receive their own Twitter emoji in May 2016. As the first non-English speaking artist to make the Global Artist Chart in 2018, BTS had the second and third best-selling albums worldwide and were the second best-selling artists worldwide in terms of physical, digital, and streaming platforms, coming second only to Drake. BTS accounted for 72.7 percent of the album consumption units generated by K-pop acts in 2018 out of a total of 17 acts. The group was also listed as one of the most influential artists of the decade by CNN, for "popularizing K-pop in the US". They were named 2019 Hitmakers Group of the Year by "Variety" in 2019. In California, BTS inspired a teacher to have his school be the first in the country to offer a Korean American Culture and Society course. American production companies began moving to bring aspects of K-pop idols to the music industry, particularly the reality competitions to create idol groups. Aja Romano of Vox stated it was likely a direct result of BTS's influence on the industry. In October 2021, it was announced twenty-six Korean words would be added to the Oxford English Dictionary. It was noted that BTS, along with the popular Korean franchises "Squid Game" and "Parasite", helped make the words well known. In 2021, a marked growth of Korea's influence in the United States was noted, jumping up thirteen places from the year before ranking fifteenth overall for the year. This was attributed to BTS' growing influence in the country. Because of this, BTS began to be called one of South Korea's soft power's in politics. BTS became the first K-pop act to remain atop the "Billboard" World Albums for multiple weeks. They also became the first Korean group to top the "Billboard" Social 50 chart. They spent 210 weeks total at number one before it was put in hiatus in December 2020 and are the first-ever musical act to chart over 200 weeks on it. BTS hold the record for highest charting Korean song in the US with "Life Goes On" hitting number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. They also hold the record for highest charting non-English song. They hold the record for highest charting Japanese song with"Film Out" hitting number one on the Billboard Global 200 and highest charting Japanese album "BTS, the Best" hitting number nineteen on the Billboard 200. The band are also the first Korean artist to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. BTS are the first to have three number one albums in a year on the Billboard 200 since the Beatles. BTS have won various awards in the United States. They are the first Asian to be nominated and win Best Artist at the American Music Awards and first all Korean band to perform at the Grammy Awards and to receive a nomination. They were the first Korean group to win a Billboard Music Award as well. "Esquire" called BTS one of the top ten best bands of all time, ranked with others such as The Supremes, Destiny's Child, and Queen. ' became the first Korean album to earn gold certification in 2018, and in 2020 ' became first Korean album to earn platinum. The most-decorated Korean act by the RIAA, they're the first Korean act to amass over a billion streams and the first to hit five billion streams on Spotify as well. In 2018, BTS became the first-ever Korean artist to perform at a stadium in the United States after performing at Citi Field. They are the first Asian act to sell out the Rose Bowl. Their Rose Bowl concerts are the single highest-grossing engagement in the venue's Boxscore history, out-pacing previous high marks by Taylor Swift and U2, as well as co-headlining stints by Beyonce #amp; Jay-Z and Eminem #amp; Rihanna. South America. Argentina. A Hallyu wave began in Argentina during 2021, with BTS, "Squid Game", and Korean food leading the front. In June 2021, the Centro Cultural Coreano (CCC) (Korean Cultural Center) in Argentina announced that it would host a Latin American K-pop contest inspired by BTS. It is one of the largest contests to be inspired by BTS as it encompasses several countries from a large region, including groups from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Cuba, Ecuador, Guatemala, Mexico, Paraguay, among other countries. Chile. When BTS held concerts in Chile back in 2017 their concert sold out in a record breaking two hours despite no advertisements for the show. They also became the fastest K-pop group to sell out the Movistar Arena, Chile's largest indoor arena. Legacy. BTS' work has influenced numerous artists, including (G)I-dle, D-Crunch's Hyunho, The Boyz' Younghoon and Hwall, SF9's Zuho, Euna Kim, Golden Child's Jaehyun, Wanna One, IN2IT, Park Ji-hoon, Kim Dong-han, Seven O'Clock, Hyeongseop X Euiwoong, Noir, Victon's Sejun and Byungchan, Loona, Newkidd, and Enhypen. K-pop idol groups began changing the themes of their lyrics from love stories to words such as "looking for myself" following BTS' "Love Yourself" era and RM's speech at the United Nations. Their success on the global pop market kicked off a new trend among Korean bands, with a growing number of idols, including Monsta X and Stray Kids, starting to present more personal messages when writing lyrics. Some artists have published conceptual trilogies, built imaginary worlds around their music, and shown greater propensity for darker themes after noticing BTS' success with doing the same. Various countries have tried to replicate making bands similar to BTS, including South Korea, Japan, and the United States. Commercial influence. In 2019, BTS had been estimated to have revitalized the Korean music industry and have a 1-2% effect upon the entire Korean economy, in addition to its international influences. Credited for the surge in popularity of online purchases of K-pop items and the growth of the Korean Wave between 2016 and 2018 by the Korea Customs Service and Korea Foundation, BTS were cited as one of the main driving forces for the recovery of South Korea's music-related sector to levels seen before China's 2016 ban on domestic cultural contents over soured diplomatic relations. Yung Duk Kim, vice president and chief operating officer of the Korea Creative Content Agency, stated K-pop has "skyrocketed" since BTS' popularity surged, creating jobs not only for BTS and their team but other K-pop idols as well. Various news outlets coined the term the "BTS effect" to refer to the commercial effects of BTS' influence, such as when KB Kookmin Bank savings accounts increased six-fold compared to the prior year following BTS' endorsement and when stock prices of entertainment companies in South Korea shot up for five days after BTS topped the U.S. Billboard 200. The effect was also observed when companies tied to BTS, such as Netmarble, NetMark, Soribada, Key Shares, GMP, Diffie, and Mattel had their stocks rise. In October 2019, Mattel's international gross sales rose 10% to $721.7 million, lifted by sales of dolls based on BTS. Data firm SM2 Networks estimated Hyundai Motor received KRW600 billion ($502 million) in promotional results after commissioning BTS as their promotional models in 2018. The Bank of Korea Economic Statistics System stated that South Korea's BOP for music and entertainment reached $114.7 million in the first quarter of 2019, attributing this to an improved relationship between China and South Korea, and the breakout global success of BTS, particularly in North America. Signed on as tourism ambassadors in 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government credits BTS for the recovery of Seoul's shrinking tourism industry following the 2016 THAAD controversy, bringing in an average of 790,000 tourists to Korea annually. In December 2018, the Hyundai Research Institute estimated that BTS were worth more than $3.67 billion to the Korean economy each year, attracting one in every thirteen foreigners who visited Korea. BTS' two day fan-meetings held in Seoul and Busan in June 2019 generated a total economic effect of W481 billion ($408 million) to both cities, accounting for 1.6% of Busan's 2018 GDP, and 0.9% of Seoul's 2018 GDP. Their three-day concert finale in Seoul for their Love Yourself World Tour in October 2019 was estimated to have an economic value of almost W1 trillion ($862 million) and brought in 187,000 foreign visitors to South Korea. , BTS' economic effect on South Korea is estimated to be over W5.5 trillion ($4.65 billion) per year, about 0.3% of South Korea's GDP. This is comparable to Korean Air, the flagship airline of South Korea, whose percent contribution to South Korea's GDP is 0.7%. The 2019 annual ticket sales data released by the Korean online ticketing site, Interpark revealed that BTS' world tour "Love Yourself: Speak Yourself" concert at the Seoul Olympic Stadium ranked No.1, with BTS topping the ticket sales for the second consecutive year on Interpark. Outside of South Korea, BTS' concerts at Wembley Stadium were estimated to have brought around W100 billion ($82 million) as a direct economic effect to the city of London. After BTS went to Malta for their show, 'Bon Voyage 3', the Malta Tourism Authority reported a 237% increase of Korean tourists visiting the country, crediting BTS as the reason for the increase. Along with Ariana Grande and Drake, BTS were credited as a key act boosting global music sales to $19 billion in 2018. Such profit had not been seen since 2006 after digital purchases gained momentum. In 2020, a joint report by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and Korea Culture and Tourism Institute estimated an economic effect of W1.7 trillion ($1.43 billion) to be created by BTS' entry at number one in the Billboard Hot 100 chart with "Dynamite". BTS were again credited as one of the acts that helped boost global music industry revenues to $21.6 billion in 2020, the highest figure since 2002. "Forbes Korea" named BTS the most influential celebrities of Korea in 2018 and 2020, and BTS ranked 43rd in the "Forbes" Celebrity 100 (2019) as one of the world's top-earning celebrities. As of 2019, BTS is purportedly worth more than US$4.65 billion to South Korea's economy each year, or 0.3 percent of the country's GDP. They attract one in every 13 foreign tourists who visited South Korea and were cited as one of the key acts in boosting global music sales to $19 billion in 2018. In March 2020, Big Hit Entertainment launched a video series, "Learn Korean with BTS", on the social media app Weverse, intended to "make it easy and fun for global fans who have difficulty enjoying BTS' music and contents due to the language barrier." The idea for the project emerged in reaction to fans asking for English subtitles for BTS' videos. The series consists of thirty three-minute lessons on Korean expressions and grammar using footage from existing BTS content on YouTube and VLive, such as "Run BTS!" and "Bangtan Bomb." The videos were developed in collaboration with experts at the Korean Language Content Institute and Hankuk University of Foreign Studies. BTS Universe. The BTS Universe, also known as the Bangtan Universe or BU, is an alternate universe created by Big Hit Entertainment that winds through the group's output. The webtoon "Save Me" closely follows the story line, along with their book "HYYH: The Notes 1". The chronology of the universe began with the song "I Need U" and spans to the present time. It tells the story of the seven members in an alternate reality and depicts their anxieties and uncertainties as they confront their futures. In a corporate briefing held on February 4, 2020, Big Hit also announced the upcoming release of its sequel "HYYH: The Notes 2", the recreation of five BTS songs into five picture books, and the upcoming drama "Youth" to be produced in collaboration with Chorokbaem Media and renowned screenwriter Kim Soo-jin. Speaking to "Billboard", Michelle Cho, an assistant professor of East Asian Popular Cultures at the University of Toronto, said "As an audio-visual experience, "I Need U" inaugurated the Bangtan Universe--the coming-of-age storyline that brilliantly integrates the Most Beautiful Moment in Life [album] trilogy and continues in music videos, "concept videos" (mini-films), and the multiform, open-ended narrative that's been serialized in album liner notes and Twitter and Instagram posts." Mariejo Ramos from "The Inquirer" said about the universe "no other artists have successfully mixed the same literary technique to pop music in such a scale." They used the alternate universe and literary books, such as "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas", as a framing device for their albums. Mixing the two has created an interactive environment for their fans who make theories when new material or hints are released. It was announced in 2021 the drama "Youth" would be released. It will encapsulate the story line created throughout the BU and "Save Me" webtoon. Endorsements. Several commercial endorsements made by BTS over the years have had significant cultural impact due to the high visibility of marketing and advertisement campaigns. BTS have maintained numerous global endorsement deals in various industries throughout their career. Partnered with Puma since 2015, BTS initially promoted its sportswear as Puma Korea's brand ambassadors before expanding to become global ambassadors in 2018 and promoting the remix of Puma's "Turin" and "Sportstyle" line worldwide. In 2019, BTS signed with Fila to endorse its sportswear. BTS has also served as global brand ambassadors for LG Electronics' 2018 LG G7 ThinQ telephone, and for Hyundai Motors' 2019 flagship SUV the "Palisade" and hydrogen fuel cell electric SUV, the "Nexo". Due to BTS' endorsement, Hyundai received almost double the anticipated domestic order volume for the Palisade. BTS became global ambassadors of the electric street racing series Formula E to promote how electric vehicles can help combat climate change. In 2020, BTS partnered with Samsung Electronics on a limited edition BTS-themed version of the Galaxy S20+ and Galaxy Buds+. As the first male pop group ever to collaborate with Dior, BTS sported ensembles from Kim Jones' Pre-Fall 2019 collection at their concert at Stade de France. In April 2021, BTS were chosen as Louis Vuitton brand ambassadors. In the entertainment sector, BTS published the webtoons "Hip Hop Monster" and "We On" through the Nate Webtoon portal and "Save Me" in collaboration with LICO and Line Webtoon. In the toy industry, Mattel created dolls modeled off BTS' outfits from the music video "Idol", Medicom Toy created the "BE@RBRICK", a block-like toy featuring the BTS logo and accents modeled after BTS' stage clothes, and Funko released BTS versions of Funko Pops. BTS also partnered with popular Korean communication app Line, to create new Line 'characters' called BT21. The collaboration initially produced emojis and electronic stickers, but later expanded to include fashion apparel, footwear, accessories, and other merchandise. Line flagship stores opened throughout Seoul before spreading across the global market into Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong and the United States. The BTS characters also partnered with popular game Among Us to create limited edition characters that will be available worldwide. In the gaming industry, Nexon released character avatars based on BTS for their RPG game Elsword, and BTS worked with DalcomSoft to release the rhythm game "Superstar BTS" in January 2018, as well as with Netmarble Games for the story-based, mobile simulation game "BTS World" released in June 2019. In December 2020, BTS collaborated with MapleStory, to design their own special in-game items inspired by their favorite MapleStory childhood memories. BTS have also collaborated with Casetify to globally launch a new tech accessory collection and ceramics company Kwangjuyo to release a BTS-themed line of ceramics. In the food industry, BTS collaborated with McDonald's to launch the BTS Meal which was available in 50 countries. In Asia, BTS have worked as brand spokespersons for KB Kookmin Bank, one of the four largest banks in South Korea. Their collaboration generated the opening of over 180,000 accounts, and BTS extended their contract with KB Kookmin Bank through 2019. Coca-Cola Korea signed BTS on as their new campaign models for promotions during the 2018 World Cup in Russia. In the tourism sector, BTS have worked as brand models for Lotte Duty Free Shop since 2017 and as honorary tourism ambassadors for Seoul as part of the 'I Seoul U' program. In the beauty and apparel industry, BTS maintained a relationship with uniform brand SMART from 2016 to 2019. BTS have also promoted the face mask brand Mediheal, the cosmetics brand VT Cosmetics, the contact lens brand Play/Up, vitamin supplement brand Lemona, Indonesian e-commerce company Tokopedia, massage chair brand Bodyfriend, Philippine telecommunications company, Smart Communications and Lotte Chilsung's Kloud Draft beer. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024156 Maserati V12 engine Maserati made four naturally-aspirated, V12 racing engines, designed for Formula One; between and . The first was an experimental O.S.C.A. engine; in accordance with the 4.5 L engine regulations imposed by the FIA for . Their second engine was 250 F1 V12; in accordance with the 2.5 L engine regulations set by the FIA. Their last two V12 engines were customer engines supplied to Cooper; between and . The "Tipo 9 / F1" and "Tipo 10 /F1", which were both manufactured to the FIA's 3.0 L engine regulations for . 4CLT O.S.C.A. engine. Also for 1951 B. Bira modified his '49-spec 4CLT to accept a more powerful, , naturally aspirated OSCA V12 engine. This engine developed around . With it Bira won the Goodwood race early in the season, but in its only World Championship appearance, at the 1951 Spanish Grand Prix, it retired on the first lap. 250F F1 V12 engine / Tipo 9/Tipo 10 engine. In 1956 three 250F T2 engines first appeared for the works drivers. Developed by Giulio Alfieri, and sometimes using the all-new V12 engine, although it offered little or no real advantage over the older straight-6. It was later developed into the 3-litre V12 that won two races powering the Cooper T81 and T86 from 1966 to 1969, the final "Tipo 9" and "Tipo 10" variant of the engine having three valves and two spark plugs per cylinder. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024191 List of Verbascum species The following species in the flowering plant genus Verbascum, the mulleins, are accepted by Plants of the World Online. "Verbascum" has recently undergone rapid radiation. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024229 Demetrios Stavrakis Demetrios Stavrakis (, 1735-1740 - 1801), also known as the so-called Romanos (). He was a Greek painter. He was a representative of the Heptanese School. His uncles were famous painters Andreas Stavrakis and Stylianos Stavrakis. They were active on the island of Zakynthos. There were many Greek painters on the island around the same period namely Nikolaos Koutouzis, Nikolaos Kantounis, and Ioannis Korais. Demetrios influenced both Greek and Italian artists. According to the Institute of Neohellenic Research, fifteen of his works survived. His most notable work was the "Profit Jonah". History. He was born on the island of Zakynthos. He was a member of an elite family of painters. His uncles were Andreas Stavrakis and Stylianos Stavrakis. His uncle Andreas died in 1785. They were his teachers. Demetrios's nickname was Romanos. His work was the traditional Greek mannerism prevalent on the Ionian Islands. His earliest known work was dated around 1755. According to records from the demolished church of Faneromeni, he painted the Holy Table inside of the alter on August 28, 1785. Demetrios was paid forty grosia. His painting of "Jonah and the Whale" was uncommon to the prevalent style. The spatial orientation and the use of blue were unique attributes. The nude figure in the painting expressed humanistic realism. The whale releases the profit on the shore. The whale and the naked figure can also have their roots in Ancient Greek mythology the figure has a Poseidon-like character. Another painting that brilliantly used the shade of blue was the "Miracle of Saint Spyridon". His signature was kheir Demetriou Staurake. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024245 Alan Kennington Alan Kennington (1906-1986) was a British novelist and playwright, particularly known for his thrillers. Two of his novels were adapted into films, the 1939 novel "The Night Has Eyes" was made into a 1942 film of the same title while "She Died Young" (1938) was turned into the 1956 film "You Can't Escape". His 1949 novel "Pastures New" was a comedy about American students in post-war Britain. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024246 2021 Open Bogota The 2021 Open Bogota was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the thirteenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2021 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Bogota, Colombia between 18 and 24 October 2021. Singles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following player received entry into the singles main draw using a protected ranking: The following player received entry into the singles main draw as an alternate: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024257 Ronald Brookmeyer Ronald S. Brookmeyer (born on September 4, 1954) is an American public health researcher. He is a professor of biostatistics at the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health. Early life and education. Brookmeyer was born on September 4, 1954 in New York, USA. He completed his Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from Cooper Union and his Master's degree and PhD from the University of Wisconsin. During his time at Cooper Union, he developed a mathematical model of the parasite-host relationship on the population growth of schistosomiasis. Career. Following his PhD, Brookmeyer joined the faculty at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health (JHU). During his tenure at JHU, Brookmeyer focused on creating tools using statistical, informational, and mathematical sciences to address the HIV/AIDS epidemic. In 1992, he was awarded the Mortimer Spiegelman gold medal by the American Public Health Association for contributions to health statistics. Beyond Johns Hopkins, Brookmeyer also taught a series of workshops on biostatistics in China at the request of the Chinese Centers for Disease Control, becoming one of the first biostatisticians in China teaching biostatistics. He also served on the editorial board of the journal "Statistics in Medicine" from 1985 to 1994. As a result of his public health efforts, Brookmeyer was also chosen to develop statistical models to evaluate the public health response following 9/11 and to rapidly address biosecurity and bioterrorism emergencies in the future. By 2006, Brookmeyer was appointed Chair of JHU's Master of Public Health Program and was elected chair of the Statistics Section of American Association for Advancement of Science (AAAS). The following year, he was also elected a member of the Institute of Medicine (now referred to as the National Academy of Medicine). He eventually left JHU in 2010 to join the faculty at the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health. UCLA. Upon joining the faculty at UCLA, Brookmeyer was awarded the President's Citation from Cooper Union "for the development of new statistical methods and models for tracking the spread and consequences of disease." Following this, he was elected to a five-year term on the statistical board of reviewing editors for Science. In the same year, Brookmeyer was also named the 2014 Norman Breslow Distinguished Lecturer at the University of Washington. In 2015, Brookmeyer received the Nathan Mantel Lifetime Achievement Award from American Statistical Association's Section on Statistics in Epidemiology for his "valuable lifetime contributions at the intersection of statistical science and epidemiology." In January 2020, Brookmeyer was named dean of the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health. During the COVID-19 pandemic, he advocated for the development of a new approach to clinical trials conducted during pandemics. In the co-authored paper, the researchers suggested a "core-protocol concept" to clinical trials, which could be applied across infectious disease outbreaks and allow for the addition of new team members over time. He was also named chair of the UCLA's COVID-19 Future Planning Task Force. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024258 Cheetah F.C. Cheetah Fotball Club is a Ghanaian football club based in Kasoa in the Central Region of Ghana. The club currently competes in Central Region Zone of the Division Two League which is the third tier of the football league system in Ghana, and the MTN FA Cup. History. In 2009, Abdul-Hayye Yartey, a Ghanaian sports executive and entrepreneur founded the club in Kasoa as a juvenile club. The club started scouting young prospects across Ghana and recruiting them to form a football club. In 2021, the club was named on the top 10 clubs in Africa with the most outgoing transfers of players in FIFA's 2020 Global Transfer Market Report. As of 2021, the team plays in the Central Regional Football Association (CRFA) Division Two League. Some of the club's most notable players are Christian Atsu, Emmanuel Toku and Alhassan Wakaso amongst others. Grounds. In August 2020, the club began the construction of an AstroTurf for the use of the club. In June 2021 the club inaugurated as AstroTurf pitch which is reportedly the biggest in Ghana, called the Yartel Okoso park (The Predators Den) in Senya Beraku. From the inception of the club in 2009 till 2020, the club used the Kasoa pitch as their home venue. Notable players. "See: " 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024259 Kelvinator (cycling team) Kelvinator was an Italian professional cycling team that existed only in 1968. The team was sponsored by Kelvinator, an American home appliance company and competed in the 1968 Giro d'Italia. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024263 Westcustogo Inn Westcustogo Inn was a historic inn and restaurant that existed in the American town of Yarmouth, Maine. It was in business, albeit not continuously, for 83 years. History. The inn was established by Ernest Percy Johnson in 1923, although the Grand Lodge of Iowa's bulletin of 1918 mentions a meeting was held at the Westcustogo Inn, albeit listed as being in Portland, on September 9 that year. Its last owners were Ralph and Betsey Clemons in 2006. The property consisted of a fine-dining restaurant and a bar and lounge. It had several uses between the mid-1960s and the early 1970s, before reopening for public dining in 1973. It was damaged by a fire in 1961. Trolley cars of the Portland and Yarmouth Electric Railway Company used to run, every fifteen minutes, from Portland to Yarmouth between 1898 and 1933. There was a stop immediately opposite the inn, at the southern end of Pleasant Street. Notable guests. Former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt and her entourage once stayed at the Royal River Cabins, further north along Route 88, because the Eastland Park Hotel in Portland banished her dog, Fala. She chose to dine at the Westcustogo, while the owner's daughter entertained Fala on the porch. Other notable guests at the inn include Fred Allen, Portland Hoffa, Joe Louis, Gene Tunney, Clark Gable, Charlie Chaplin, Greta Garbo, Margaret Chase Smith (on November 4, 1965), Jean Harlow, Mary Pickford, Myrna Loy, Douglas Fairbanks, Bette Davis and Gary Merrill. It should be noted, however, that the authenticity of the signatures in the 1923-1941 guestbook have been found difficult to verify. Closure. After the inn closed, it was vacant for a while, before being renovated by Cunningham Security, who are still the occupants. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024274 Adewale Adeyinka Adewale Adeyinka (born 14 December 1996) is a Nigerian professional footballer. He is a former Nigeria U17 team player. Adeyinka won the Nigeria Professional Football League title with Akwa United in the 2020-21 season. The Kwara native holds the record for most consecutive clean sheets in the Nigeria Professional Football League, after going 16 matches without conceding a goal in the 2020-21 season. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024275 2021 Open Bogota - Singles Marcelo Arevalo was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title. Gerald Melzer won the title after defeating Facundo Mena 6-2, 3-6, 7-6(7-5) in the final. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024284 2021 Open Bogota - Doubles Marcelo Arevalo and Miguel Angel Reyes-Varela were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title. Nicolas Jarry and Roberto Quiroz won the title after defeating Nicolas Barrientos and Alejandro Gomez 6-7(4-7), 7-5, [10-4] in the final. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024305 Skoda Slavia The Skoda Slavia is a subcompact sedan (B-segment) manufactured by Skoda primarily for the Indian market. It was introduced in November 2021 and will be produced in 2022. Built on the MQB A0 IN platform adapted for India, the vehicle is based on the Volkswagen Virtus sedan. The Slavia replaced the Volkswagen Polo-based Rapid. Overview. The Slavia was introduced on 18 November 2021. Compared to the preceding Rapid, the Slavia is longer, wider, taller with a longer wheelbase. It is built with a localisation level of 95 percent. At launch, the Slavia in India will be offered in three trims, which are Active, Ambition and Style. The Slavia is available with a choice of two turbocharged petrol engines. The entry-level option is a 1.0-litre three-cylinder TSI unit producing and paired to either a 6-speed manual or a 6-speed torque converter automatic. The more powerful option, is a 1.5-litre four-cylinder TSI motor with that gets either the 6-speed manual or a 7-speed DSG gearbox. The 1.5 TSI is also equipped with the cylinder deactivation technology. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024310 Vadim Kazachenko Vadim Gennadievich Kazachenko (; born 13 July 1963) is a Soviet, Russian, and Ukrainian singer. He had a music career in the 1990s. He was the frontman of the group Freestyle. Biography. He was born in Poltava in Ukraine. In 2011 he received the Merited Artist of the Russian Federation. He came second in One to One! in 2014 (2nd place). He considers himself more talented than David Bowie. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024311 2021 Challenger de Buenos Aires The 2021 Challenger de Buenos Aires was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the tenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2021 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Buenos Aires, Argentina between 18 and 24 October 2021. Singles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024316 She Died Young She Died Young is a 1938 thriller novel by the British writer Alan Kennington. It was published in France in 1950 translated by Maurice-Bernard Endrebe, himself a noted writer of crime novels. Adaptation. In 1956 the novel served as a basis for the film "You Can't Escape" starring Noelle Middleton, Guy Rolfe and Robert Urquhart. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024322 Amplitude (company) Amplitude Inc. is an American public company focused on analytics products including Amplitude Analytics, Amplitude Recommend, and Amplitude Experiment which it refers to as a Digital Optimization System for businesses. The company was listed publicly on the Nasdaq stock exchange under the ticker symbol AMPL on September 28, 2021, at a market capitalization of $7.1 billion after its first day of trading. It has been discussed both for the unusual timing of its IPO, shortly after a major funding round; as well as its approach to IPO, choosing a direct rather than traditional listing. Both of these choices have been noted for bucking recent trends. History. The company's founders, Spenser Skates and Curtis Liu, originally created a company under the name Sonalight in 2012. Sonalight produces an Android app that enabled users to send text messages via voice. Along the way, they created analytics software to help them understand how users were using the app. That software received interest from other companies with similar needs, and the founders shifted their focus to building that software into a product via a new company called Amplitude. Amplitude Inc. was then founded in 2014. The company came after multiple prior attempts at founding a company by the pair of founders, including one idea which helped them get accepted into the startup accelerator Y Combinator in 2012. The company's first product, Amplitude Analytics, was listed as the #22 software product in 2021 by popular review site G2 Crowd. The addition of their Amplitude Recommend, and Amplitude Experiment products enabled what the company calls its Digital Optimization System. The company acquired a two other analytics software companies before going public, adding to its product portfolio. On March 10, 2020, they acquired ClearBrain, a predictive analytics company founded in 2016 by Bilal Mahmood, and Eric Pollmann. The following year on May 12, 2021, they acquired Iteratively, a data pipeline company founded in 2019 by Patrick Thompson and Ondrej Hrebicek. Early IPO. After several other rounds of funding, in June 2021 the company received $150 million in its final private investment led by the venture capital firm Sequoia Capital at a valuation of $4 billion. Despite the recent funding, the company's CEO decided to take Amplitude public because he believed it would make the company stronger as Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg had claimed after Facebook's IPO. Despite the company's age at nine years, this decision was viewed as a reversal from the trend of tech companies staying private for as long as possible. The company's ample funding would have allowed them to freely choose either path, public or private, highlighting the break from the prior norm. Direct listing. Amplitude was also the subject of much discussion for its unusual choice of a direct public offering as it approached IPO. This decision was seen as paving the way for yet more direct public offerings, another break from recent norms. Spenser Skates, the company's CEO, stated that he viewed the selection of this style of IPO to be necessary for all companies, noting the high cost of the under-pricing which is typical of standard IPOs. However, a direct public listing was at least partly enabled by the company's $300 million cash on hand, meaning the company did not need to raise significant funds from their IPO. Not all other companies can afford this choice. Still, their direct listing was described as "a watershed moment for direct listings" and it was noted that "the entire market is looking at Amplitude." They held their public offering on the Nasdaq stock exchange on September 28, 2021. The first day of trading increased the company's value from $5 billion to $7.1 billion, leading the CEO of the company to claim that traditional IPOs are antiquated, and "the craziest thing in the world." Skates has stated that he did at least briefly consider going public via SPAC. However, he decided against the move because he believed SPACs are an "end run around SEC rules." Company growth. Amplitude benefited from the increasing trend of businesses moving toward digital services during the COVID-19 pandemic, including prominent customers Ford Motor Co., Burger King and Gap Inc. At the time of IPO, they reported $72 million in revenue for the first half of 2021, a year over year increase of 56%. After going public, the company has stated that they now have 490 employees across the US, Europe and Asia, and they count 26 of the Fortune 100 as customers. Products. Their first product, Amplitude Analytics, was designed to help software product developers better understand behavior of their users. It has been called the "Moneyball" for product development due to its focus on providing product developers with greater statistical understanding of user behavior. As an example, Peloton used the software to help understand how to engage its customers with social features. Their additional products also enable product developers to more easily test experimental product changes, and more easily create personalized experiences and in-product recommendations. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024335 2021 Challenger de Buenos Aires - Singles Sumit Nagal was the defending champion but chose not to defend his title. Sebastian Baez won the title after defeating Thiago Monteiro 6-4, 6-0 in the final. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024349 2021 Challenger de Buenos Aires - Doubles Guido Andreozzi and Andres Molteni were the defending champions but only Andreozzi chose to defend his title, partnering Thiago Seyboth Wild. Andreozzi withdrew from the tournament before his quarterfinal match. Luciano Darderi and Juan Bautista Torres won the title after defeating Hernan Casanova and Santiago Rodriguez Taverna 7-6(7-5), 7-6(12-10) in the final. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024355 Furzi Furzi, also known as Vibor and CBM Fast-Gaggia, was an Italian professional cycling team that existed from 1974 to 1979. The team competed in 6 consecutive editions of the Giro d'Italia, having entered each year of its existence. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024359 List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Wisconsin This is a list of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024365 Losinj Open The Losinj Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Losinj, Croatia since 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024384 Harold Lipstein Harold Lipstein (June 14, 1898 - October 8, 1974) was an American cinematographer. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Cinematography for the film "A Man Called Peter". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024394 2021 Losinj Open The 2021 Losinj Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2021 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Losinj, Croatia between 18 and 24 October 2021. Singles main draw entrants. Other entrants. The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw: The following players received entry into the singles main draw as alternates: The following players received entry from the qualifying draw: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024400 Golden Coupe (Denmark) The Golden Coupe (), also known as State Coach No. 1 (Danish: ), is the finest of the carriages still used by the Danish royal family. Built in Henry Fife's Copenhagen workshop in 18391840, it was first used by Christian VIII. Since then, it has been used by all Danish monarchs. It is used today by Margrethe II for the annual New Year's levee in January as well as for special occasions, such as jubilees and state visits. History. Delivered to the Royal Mews by Henry Fife in 1840, it has previously been believed that the Golden Coupe was commissioned for Christian VIII's entry into Copenhagen. However, as shown by Ole Jespersen, based on contemporary newspaper articles, it was in fact commissioned in 1839 for the golden anniversary of Frederik VI and Queen Marie Sofie the following year. When Frederik VI died on 3 December 1839, eight months before the golden anniversary, construction of the Golden Coupe seems to have been put on hold. On 23 November 1840, Aalborg Stiftstidende mentioned that Henry Fife was still at work on the carriage. It can therefore not have been used in connection with Christian VIII's arrival on 5 October. The Golden Coupe seems instead to have been used for the first time on 2 March 1841 for the opening of the Supreme Court. On 10 March 1841, Aarhus Stiftstidende described the event: The Golden Coupe has been used regularly since then by all Danish monarchs. It was for instance used by Margrethe II for the celebrations in connection with her 25-year government jubilee in 1997 and her 40-year jubilee in 2012. Description. The Golden Coupe is a so-called galla coupe, seating two people. The coach is plated with 24-carat gold leaf, two crowned front lights, four gilded crowns on the roof and painted state coats of arms on the doors. The upholstered interior is lined with cream-coloured silk, richly decorated with "Passementerie". The body is suspended in leather strips from C-shaped steel springs, which again rest on horizontal steel springs, securing a relatively comfortable ride. The gilding of the crowns on the roof was renewed by Georg Jensen in 2018. Today. The Golden Coupe has with few exceptions been used when Magrethe II travels from her residence at Amalienborg Palace to Christiansborg for the annual New Year's levee in January. When not in use, it is together with a selection of the other royal carriages on display in the Royal Mews and Carriage Museum at Christiansborg. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024414 2021 Losinj Open - Singles This was the first edition of the tournament. Carlos Taberner won the title by walkover after Marco Cecchinato withdrew before the final. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024421 2021 Losinj Open - Doubles This was the first edition of the tournament. Andrej Martin and Tristan-Samuel Weissborn won the title after defeating Victor Vlad Cornea and Ergi Kirkin 6-1, 7-6(7-5) in the final. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024423 Sun Marathi Sun Marathi is an Marathi language free-to-air entertainment channel owned by Sun TV Network. This channel was launched on 17 October 2021. Sun Marathi is Sun's second entry of Non-South Indian Market and first entry of Western India Market. It's slogan is "Sohala Natyancha"(mraatthii: sohlaa naatyaaNcaa) which means "Celebration of Relationships". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024446 1917 Southwestern Louisiana Industrial football team The 1917 Southwestern Louisiana Industrial football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Industrial Institute (now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) as an independent during the 1917 college football season. In their sixth year under head coach Clement J. McNaspy, the team compiled a 8-2 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024474 1918 Southwestern Louisiana Industrial football team The 1918 Southwestern Louisiana Industrial football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Industrial Institute (now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) as an independent during the 1918 college football season. In their seventh year under head coach Clement J. McNaspy, the team compiled a 4-1 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024477 2022 ATP Challenger Tour The Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour in 2022 is the secondary professional tennis circuit organized by the ATP. The 2022 ATP Challenger Tour calendar comprises 36 tournaments (as of 28 March 2022), with prize money ranging from $37,520 up to $159,360. It is the 45th edition of challenger tournaments cycle, and 14th under the name of Challenger Tour. Schedule. This is the complete schedule of events on the 2022 calendar, with player progression documented from the quarterfinals stage. Cancelled tournaments. The following tournaments were formally announced by the ATP before being cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Statistical information. These tables present the number of singles (S) and doubles (D) titles won by each player and each nation during the season. The players/nations are sorted by: 1) total number of titles (a doubles title won by two players representing the same nation counts as only one win for the nation); 2) a singles #gt; doubles hierarchy; 3) alphabetical order (by family names for players). "To avoid confusion and double counting, these tables should be updated only after an event is completed." Point distribution. "Points are awarded as follows:" 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024510 Nina Kirso Nina Vladislavovna Kirso (); 4 August 1963 - 30 April 2020) was a Soviet and Ukrainian singer in the disco genre. She was the lead singer of the pop group Freestyle from 1988 to 2018. Career. In 2014, the Freestyle group celebrated its 25th anniversary. By tradition, the artists met a new creative year on stage. Friends of the team also joined the festive show, including Mikhail Gritskan, with whom Nina Kirso sang the composition "Old House". Death. In 2018, she suffered a large stroke at her home. In 2020, she died at the age of 56. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024516 1919 Southwestern Louisiana Industrial football team The 1919 Southwestern Louisiana Industrial football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Industrial Institute (now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) as an independent during the 1919 college football season. In their second year under head coach T. R. Mobley, the team compiled a 2-4-2 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024529 Decir Adios "Decir Adios" ("Say Goodbye) is a song written and co-produced by Kike Santander along with Emilio Estefan and performed by Puerto Rican entertainer Carlos Ponce. It was released as the second single from his 1998 self-titled debut album. The track became his second number one on both the Hot Latin Songs and Latin Pop Airplay charts in the United States. It was acknowledged as an award-winning song at the 2000 BMI Latin Awards. Its music video was filmed in Miami and directed by J.C Barros. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024547 Phyllachora leveilleana Phyllachora leveilleana is a species of fungus, a member of the division Ascomycota, and was first described by Ferdinand Theissen and Hans Sydow in 1917. "Phyllachora leveilleana" belongs to the genus "Phyllachora", and family Phyllachoraceae. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024572 Sherman Todd Sherman Todd (April 1, 1904 - June 10, 1979) was an American film editor and producer. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Film Editing for the films "The Long Voyage Home" and "For Whom the Bell Tolls". Todd died in June 1979 in Laguna Beach, California, at the age of 75. His body was cremated. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024643 Ahlens City Ahlens City is a department store in the Norrmalm district in central Stockholm, Sweden. The building is located at Klarabergsgatan 50 and takes up the entirety of the Gripen block. Ahlens City is the largest singular store of the Ahlens chain and amounts to almost 20% of the chain's total revenue. The building was designed by the architectural bureau Backstrom #amp; Reinius Arkitekter AB, was opened on 9 September 1964 and was awarded the Kasper Salin Prize in 1966. The building is noted by the Stockholm City Museum for "having an obviously high cultural historical value". Background. In the 1950s the board of Ahlen #amp; Holm saw that the redevelopment of Norrmalm would move the centre of the city from Hotorget to Sergels torg. Ahlen #amp; Holm owned a building on Hotorget at the time, called Tempohuset, where the Kungshallen building is currently located. The Stockholm Municipality exchanged the building at Hotorget with a building where Ahlens City is currently located. Both parties benefited from the deal, the municipality got a valuable building and Ahlen #amp; Holm got a building precisely next to the Stockholm Metro hub T-Centralen near the Stockholm Central Station. The old building in the Gripen block was torn down in the early 1960s along with the Stockholm workers' institute and the Valhalla Mission. Building. The zoning plan originally described a low building with two floors and three multifamily residential buildings on top of it. Backstrom #amp; Reinius changed this after studying American commercial architecture to a windowless high street facade with a painted wall with alternating red and white stripes. The outer surface of the precast concrete elements consists of brick glassed in red and white. The architects wanted to avoid electronic signage with neon and thought the facade was signage enough on its own. The company has later opted to advertise with large photograph prints on the facade. The building was commissioned by Ahlen #amp; Holm AB, who got a construction permit in 1962. The building was constructed by Jacobson #amp; Widmark and Svenska Industribyggen AB (SIAB). During the building foundation in 1963 in the presence of city antiquarian and Ahlens's CEO Gosta Ahlen a copper chest was built into the foundation. It contained 50 selected articles representing the typical catalogue of Ahlens's sale items. On the opening day on 9 September 1964, 25 thousand people visited Ahlens City. The facade to Klarabergsgatan is dominated by a large clock and the company name painted in gold colour. The clock was designed by the building architects and was built from copper with real leaf gold. The clock is synchronised with the Klara Church and the Swedish radio. The whole building measures 40 by 130 metres and can be reached from Klarabergsgatan, Master Samuelsgatan and T-Centralen. The building also contains four underground floors. There are two underground floors for parking spaces. The building interior has been renovated several times. The building is currently owned by Stefan Persson's property company Ramsbuy Property AB. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024651 Chicheley Brook Chicheley Brook - formerly known by the alternative name Tickford Brook - is a long river in Buckinghamshire, England, that is a tributary to the River Great Ouse. Located entirely in the Borough of Milton Keynes, the river rises near the village of Cranfield, flows north-west around North Crawley then turns west before Hardmead; it then follows a southerly course past Chicheley for before resuming its westerly course and flowing into the River Great Ouse near Newport Pagnell. Water quality. Water quality of Chicheley Brook in 2019, according to the Environment Agency, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the UK's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024662 Trina Robinson Trina Robinson is a fictional character from "General Hospital", an American soap opera on the ABC network. The role was originated played by Tiana Le from 2017 to 2018. Nearly a year later on February 20, 2019, Sydney Mikayla took over the role. Later that year, Mikayla was placed on contract with the series and began appearing as a series regular. Introduced by executive producer Frank Valentini in 2017, Trina is created by co-head writers Jean Passanante and Chris Van Etten as the party girl best friend of Josslyn Jacks (Eden McCoy). For the most part, Trina is mentioned in passing by her friends. With Mikayla in the role, Trina is integrated into the canvas as one of the four young teen characters within the series, along with Josslyn, Oscar Nero (Garren Stitt) and Cameron Webber (William Lipton). Trina also forges friendship with Ava Jerome (Maura West) when she interns at Ava's art gallery. Hailed as one of the show's young heroines, in 2020, Trina steps into a more central role with the reintroduction of established character Marcus Taggert (Real Andrews) as her father and the arrival of her mother, Portia Robinson (Brook Kerr). Trina struggles to cope with Taggert's presumed death and blames Portia's ex-boyfriend Curtis Ashford (Donnell Turner). In 2021, the writers developed Trina's first potential romance with the troubled Spencer Cassadine (Nicholas Chavez). With Mikayla in the role, Trina becomes a favorite amongst fans and critics for her fierce loyalty and her smart and assertive personality. In 2021, Mikayla was nominated for the Daytime Emmy Award Outstanding Younger Performer in a Drama Series for her portrayal of Trina. Storylines. In June 2017, Trina (Le) is enlisted by her best friend Josslyn Jacks to throw a party while her mom is out of town. After successfully arranging the party, Trina also invites Josslyn's crush Oscar. However, the party gets out of hand when the guests start drinking and Josslyn's grandmother Bobbie Spencer (Jacklyn Zeman) breaks up the party. While the character does not appear much, she is mentioned often by Joss and Oscar. In March 2018, Trina attends the alternative prom that Oscar and Joss have arranged to support a transgender student at school. However, an earthquake hits and Trina suffers minor injuries. Throughout 2019, Trina (Mikayla) serves as a supportive friend to Joss and Cam. She accompanies them on a road trip with a terminally ill Oscar and comforts Cam as he struggles to accept his mother Elizabeth Webber's (Rebecca Herbst) relationship with reformed serial killer Franco (Roger Howarth). Trina serves as moral support for Cameron when he goes to court after missing his mandatory community service thanks to the trip. As Oscar's health declines, Trina is determined to make sure everything is normal for Oscar and Joss. Despite her own grief over Oscar's passing, Trina does her best to support Joss and Cam, even participating in Joss's attempt at a seance. When Joss is too sad to attend, Trina accompanies Cam to Elizabeth and Franco's wedding reception. Trina and Cam are happy when Joss tags along at the last minute. In the summer Trina and Joss comfort Cam after he is abducted and Franco trades himself for Cam's freedom. She even talks Cam out of selling his car, as he blames the car for his abduction. Later, Cam realizes Trina likes Joss's "cousin" Dev Corbin (Ashton Arbab) and she ask for his help getting Dev to like her. As she starts school, Trina applies for an internship at Ava Jerome's gallery. While Ava hesitates due to her lack of experience, Trina makes an impression and lands the gig. Trina supports Cam as he struggles to cope with Franco's rejection as he doesn't remember their family. Meanwhile, Trina is concerned when Ava checks herself into a mental hospital as she feels she is being haunted by her late daughter, Kiki (Hayley Erin). During a school dance for Halloween, Trina kisses Dev but he just wants to be friends. While she isn't too broken up about it, Trina suspects that he is into Joss though Dev denies it. Trina then learns Joss and Cam have been drinking and tries to sneak them out of the dance but they are discovered by Cam's aunt Lulu Spencer (Emme Rylan) and their teacher, Dustin Phillips (Mark Lawson). The teens are sentenced to Saturday detention where Dev admits that he is an illegal immigrant and that he is posing as Joss's cousin so he can stay in the country; they are sworn to secrecy. As Trina tries to get to the bottom of a recent break-in at the gallery, she is alarmed when Ava suddenly checks herself out of the hospital, claiming she is perfectly sane. On Christmas Eve, Trina tells Joss that Dev has a crush on her. In 2020, Trina plans to attend the winter formal with Cam as friends, but tells Joss it's a date in an effort to make her face her feelings for Cam. Just before the dance, Trina is visited by her father Taggert and he gives his blessing for Cam to take Trina to the dance. However, the duo are abducted on their way to the dance by Taggert's enemies. While Taggert, Curtis and Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) rescue them, Taggert dies after surgery. Portia returns from her medical conference to comfort a distraught Trina as she blames Curtis for Taggert's demise. Meanwhile, Trina turns to Cam for comfort and they kiss. Trina is furious when Police Commissioner Jordan Ashford (Briana Nicole Henry) announces that Taggert and his DEA partners manufactured against the recently exonerated Cyrus Renault (Jeff Kober), an alleged drug lord. Cyrus confronts Trina and Portia and Curtis intervenes but Trina isn't interested in his help. As Jordan refuses to retract her story, Trina sets out to clear Taggert's name. She later confides in Joss about her kiss with Cam to avoid any awkwardness and assures Joss it means nothing, much to Cam's chagrin. To distract herself from her anxiety around her grief, homecoming, her feelings about Cam, Trina throws herself into her internship. When Cam admits that he has feelings for both Trina and Joss, they kiss again and decide they are better as friends. Dev suddenly lashes out at Joss and Trina after Joss rejects his romantic advances. Though he apologizes, Cam has to convince Trina not to end their friendship with Dev for good. Days later, Cam and Dev are caught in an explosion that kills Dev and leaves Cam blaming himself, despite Trina and Cam insisting otherwise. When Cyrus claims Taggert faked his death to protect Trina, she tries to access medical records with Joss #amp; Cam's help but they are caught by nurse Epiphany Johnson (Sonya Eddy). When Trina tells Portia about Cyrus's claims, Portia wants to file a complaint and they arrive at the police station as Taggert has been arrested. While she is happy he is alive, Trina is furious that he let her grieve and didn't trust her with the truth. Despite Ava's advice that keeping Taggert's secret would've been too hard on Trina, she wants nothing to do with her father in the New Year. Meanwhile, Trina and Cam comfort Joss after her stepfather Sonny Corinthos (Maurice Benard) is presumed dead. Later, Cam and Trina agree to keep quiet about Dev stealing Joss's journal to avoid tainting her memories of their friend. As she struggles to accept Taggert's betrayal, Cam and Joss offer their support. She and Joss later comfort Cam when his stepfather Franco is stabbed to death. When Cam suspects Franco faked his death to spare their family the pain of watching him die from a brain tumor, the girls help Cam break into the hospital morgue to identify Franco's remains. Trina finally apologizes for how she treated Curtis and he encourages her to reconcile with Taggert. As he is arraigned on fraud charges, Trina encourages Taggert fight so they can mend their relationship. Trina is excited when she and Joss are both accepted to Port Charles University while Joss is sad to be waitlisted by her first choice. Despite Cam #amp; Joss insisting that he go, Cam decides not to attend Stanford University as he wants to make sure Jason is held responsible for Franco's murder. Trina is relieved when Taggert is released into Jordan's custody and sentenced to house arrest as he awaits trial. Trina is saddened when Jordan reveals that she and Curtis are divorcing and Trina is weary of Curtis and Portia's growing closeness. Trina is later furious at Cam for pulling a gun on Jason and later Jordan and she admits that if he looked like her, his life could have ended in tragedy. Development. Casting and creation. Le originated the role on June 23, 2017. She reprised the role on March 2, 2018. However, the return was short lived as Le last appeared on March 5, 2018. The actress only appeared for three episodes. Mikayla's casting was announced by "Soap Opera Digest" after her debut. In the summer of 2019, Mikayla was promoted to series regular. In late 2021, Mikayla was taken off contract with the series to accommodate her schedule as she started college. In a statement to "Soap Opera Network", the actress said "Right now I'm getting into the swing of things at school and navigating the balancing act. 'GH' has been super supportive of all the teens going to school and I'm super happy about that. Team 'GH'! The genre was new to Mikayla. "When my agent called me about the audition, I was excited, but I'd never really watched soaps. I had a small role on a soap years before, but it wasn't a genre I was familiar with." The actress auditioned twice for the role. In an essay for "Backstage", Mikayla explained her journey: "As I researched the series, I wasn't sure if my acting style could fit the cadence of the show. Could I do the dramatic looks or cry on cue? However, as I prepared for the audition and callback, I put all that aside." Instead, Mikayla set out to bring "authenticity" to the role. At the audition, Mikayla chose to make the character more like herself because "I can see how the writers want her to be portrayed as just a realistic girl." After a few weeks, Mikayla received a callback which she "felt really good about" and she even left an impression on Valentini and she booked the role later that day. Mikayla said "Getting GH was definitely a breath of fresh air" as she had run into some difficulty booking roles because she was tall for her age. In an interview with Star-Kidz.net, Mikayla said "Joining the cast of General Hospital was a bit difficult at first but I love it so much." Mikayla felt recasting the role made it more complicated. "I'm the 2nd person to play this character, so unlike other roles I've done, Trina didn't really get in introduced I just kinda jumped into the character so it felt like jumping in 12 feet of water." Mikayla said playing Trina "made me become a better actress." She continued, "I feel so honored to portray Trina." In 2020, Mikayla said "In the past I have often played the same type of comedic roles, so to be given a character with so much depth is the opportunity of a lifetime." In 2021, she stated "What I love about playing Trina is the versatility that she has on screen." She later said "This role has really allowed me to delve into my dramatic side, and I've enjoyed every second of it." Prior to her role as Trina, Mikayla struggled to find dramatic roles as a Black actress. "I felt like most of the time I was playing like a quicky one-liner or I had some sassy line. I was usually the punchline of some sort bringing the comedy, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it definitely did get tiring after a while and I was really ready for a challenge. I think General Hospital came at the right time." Characterization. Personality. Upon her introduction in 2017, Trina was characterized Trina as a "party girl." In 2019, Kim Brandow of the Inquisitr said "[Trina] started out as more of a bad girl." "Soap Opera Digest" said Trina "tells it like it is." In addition, the magazine said Trina has "ambition," "emotional intelligence and empathy." "Daytime Confidential" said Trina does "questionable things for the right reasons" and she will "go to that mat" for her friends." Hope Campbell said Trina is "assertive, smart, sassy, insightful, and does not let anyone push her around." Tram Anh Ton Nu described Trina as "rebellious" in 2020. "Cliche Magazine's" Erin Tatum characterized Trina as "a straight-laced teen." KP Smith described Trina as "spunky, beautiful and smart." Dustin Cushman of Soaps.com felt Trina was "the most open and forthcoming" of her peers. Sherrie E. Smith said Mikayla gave Trina a "fiery personality, [...] and a little vulnerability for good measure." In 2020, Van Etten categorized Trina as one of the "young heroines" of the show. When asked what drew her to the role, Mikayla said Trina is a "strong, independent African American woman." She continued that "Trina really does her own things, and she has interests of her own. Also, she will go after whatever she wants." Of the character in comparison to herself, Mikayla said "Trina is more bold than I am. She says whatever she wants, kinda does whatever she wants." In addition to Trina's outgoing personality, Mikayla said "She's a great student" and "she has great fashion and make-up." She continued "I think Trina is the better looking more outspoken version of me." Mikayla described Trina as the "popular prop queen." In an interview with"Soap Opera Digest", Mikayla explained that she and Trina "both have drive and determination. Even though we're young, we both want to work for our dreams and works for our goals and we want to work our way up." Mikayla also revealed that Trina "is really good at hiding her feelings." If something bothers her, "she wouldn't be catty or petty about it." Instead, Trina finds things to distract herself instead of lashing out. In a 2021 interview, Mikayla said "Trina and I are both headstrong. We really don't like being told what to do by anyone. However, Trina is a bit more nosy than I am. I like to keep my head down and stay out of people's way, but Trina does quite the opposite." No matter the situation, Mikayla said Trina's "determination to find the truth always makes her such a fun and feisty character to play." Mikayla felt Trina was a better person because "She really cares about other people's problems." Mikayla later said "Trina will press an issue. [...] Trina will go right in and confront whoever needs to be confronted. [...] - she does not care. She has no fear. I definitely should take a chapter out of her book because she's got guts." According to Mikayla, Trina has a "willingness to see the good in people" that makes it hard for her to trust others. Mikayla stated Trina "has shown herself to be a loyal and protective friend." Trina is a "tell-it-like-it-is" kind of person. Backstory. In December 2019, Mikayla remained tight lipped about Trina's backstory in an interview. The actress later admitted that she tried to craft a backstory for the character. However, she said "every time I did, something would kind of change, like, every time I thought I had a fact, it wasn't really true, so it was really hard trying to guess." In the summer of 2017, Josslyn notes that Trina is allowed to date while she is not. During her sophomore in high school, Trina starts dating a junior and they consider having sex. Trina worries her mom will find the condoms so she convinces Josslyn to hide them for her. In the summer of 2018, Trina worked as an intern at the Port Charles Museum of Fine Arts. In 2020, Trina is revealed to be Taggert and Portia's daughter. Her parents divorce so early that Trina never experienced their relationship outside of co-parenting as Portia felt Taggert's career took priority over their family. While Taggert is always present in Trina's life, Portia and Taggert agree to keep distance between them for safety reasons. Because of the distance, Trina doesn't know much about her parents' marriage and Portia doesn't talk about it. Mikayla described her character to "Cliche Magazine" in 2021: "Trina is an 18-year-old straight-A student, with a passion for track and a love for art." She also loves art history and some of her favorite artists include David Driskell and Romare Bearden. Because Portia is a doctor, Trina also grows up exploring her mother's medical journals. Introduction. Trina is introduced in 2017 when Josslyn enlist her help throwing a party. The party ultimately served as the catalyst to introduce Oscar as Josslyn's love interest. Kim Brandow observed that the writers used Trina "to bring a little drama into Josslyn's life as a teen." Until the recast, "Trina was not in the forefront at all for a while but came back on the scene when Oscar's health took a turn for the worse." Mikayla was relieved with her character's slow integration as she was surprised by the swift production process. She told "Soap Opera Digest", "I said my lines and I'll never forget, they said 'Cut! Moving on.' And [she] was looking around" wondering if she had another chance to shoot the scene. "I was not use to that! It was good to start with just a few lines, to start warming up, because jumping into the deep end, never really having worked on a soap before, I don't know if I would've been able to handle that." As she celebrated her first anniversary on the show, Mikayla said to "ABC Soaps In Depth" "It's all still so new and exciting for me. I'm learning a lot from the other teen actors and from the veterans on the show, too." Once Mikayla signed a contract, "Trina became more of a central player in GH's younger set." For Mikayla it was "really, really rewarding. I love knowing the writers like what I'm doing." Mikayla later said "It was quite a shock honestly." When Valentini made her aware that Trina would soon have her own storyline, the actress knew she had "to get more training right away." She continued, "I've had so much fun preparing for the role of Trina, taking extra acting classes and creating a community that has really helped me to be the best actress I can be." "ABC Soaps In Depth's" Chris Eades said "No matter what she looks like, Trina knows how to have fun!" Additionally, Trina also befriends Cameron, who is a bit nervous to be around her due to her "reputation." However, Trina later admits to exaggerating her reputation. She is also suspicious of Josslyn's step cousin, Dev. In October 2019, the character's integration continued as she lands an internship with Ave Jerome at her art gallery. According to Mikayla, "That was when you started to see Trina get her own life, because you never really saw her away from the [other] teens. It was really big for me." Cushman said the scenes brought out Ava's "caring side." Mikayla said "Some of my favorite scenes have been with Maura West (Ava). She is a soap opera icon! It's an honor to share the screen with her. [...] She's so nice and makes me feel very comfortable when we do our scenes together" Trina's expanded role required "a lot more commitment" from Mikayla. The actress explained: "There are weeks that are extremely line heavy and require a lot of focus in order to make Trina as authentic as possible." Family drama. Mikayla was happy with the development that Taggert is Trina's father. "Finally getting a dad helped answer some questions and I was so glad." She later said, "Real is amazing and we have great chemistry together. When I first met him, he was so nice to me so for him to play my dad is such an honor. Real is a living legend so working with him is a dream come true." Taggert's apparent death was the first time Mikayla had to cry onscreen. Trina's world is "rocked" when she is "used as bait to lure Taggert" into a trap. An excited Mikayla said "I've kind of learned in GH history, getting kidnapped is a right of passage." On her approach to playing the scenes, she stated "I definitely took it down the more dark path, for sure." Mikayla revealed that she researched "a lot of kidnappings which I don't know was the best thing for my psyche." Mikayla described the scenes as "emotionally draining" which was further exacerbated by her wardrobe. "I was, like, rolling on the floor wearing a dress and heels because Trina and Cam were going to the winter formal [when they were taken hostage]. It was a lot! But that's okay because it made it realistic." Trina is furious with Curtis for dragging her to safety when gunfire breaks out as Taggert gets shot. Donald Thompson said Taggert is "taken out with the snap of a finger" when he comes to Trina's rescue after she is abducted and it is a "heartbreaking loss for Trina." Mikayla put a great deal of effort into her portrayal of Trina's grief. While she felt she got her tearful "Viola Davis moment" as Trina learned of Taggert's death at the hospital, Mikayla worked with her mother and acting coach, Sonya Shepherd, to play out the different stages of grief. "I think that playing with those levels was the biggest part of trying to do a good job playing the sadness. That was really important in my process, knowing that grief is always there, but grief doesn't always mean tears. I had to make sure to do different things so that the audience wouldn't get bored!" The fallout makes way for Portia's arrival. Van Etten said "We can't access that [big] impact [on Trina] without seeing her other parent, so it was really important to see her mother and to introduce Portia to the canvas. [...] We felt it would be important to provide a bit of context to Trina's background so that going forward, we would understand where her head's at." Mikayla was delighted to work opposite Kerr. "Brook had such a beautiful role on "Passions" so to see her act and to be on "General Hospital" playing my mother is so interesting. She is such a great actress, we have incredible chemistry on screen, and she is such a sweet person. I couldn't ask for a better mom." Michael Maloney observed that unlike most portrayals of fictional mother-daughter relationships, Portia and Trina are not "at odds." Mikayla said "we've really connected" of her dynamic with Kerr. "Her maternal energy is great." While Trina had friends, "it's great that she has someone whom she can turn to, too." However the relationship is complicated by the revelation that Portia shares a past with Curtis, who Trina blames for her father's death. The actress was quite "shocked by how rude Trina was to Curtis" in the aftermath of Taggert's supposed death. "I had seen her be fiery before, but the temporary hatred she seemingly had for him took me by surprise." In 2021, "Trina pulverizes the pedestal on which she places Taggert. At the same time, Portia encourages Taggert to do what he must to not give up on his daughter." Mikayla stated that "Trina idolized her father and his lie about having been killed caused a shift in their relationship." Because of her admiration for Taggert, "she feels deeply betrayed and hurt by him." In the aftermath of Taggert's lie, "Trina trust her mom even more." Trina struggles with whether to trust her father, "especially when it seems that the pedestal that she placed him on is starting to break." With Taggert back in her life, Trina tries to figure out "what she wants to be for her dad and what she wants her dad to be for her." Reception. Mikayla has received positive reactions from both viewers and critics. Mikayla's recast initially was a bit of a distraction for some as it seemingly changed Trina's race. Eades said "some fans were a bit confused when the character began appearing more often as she looked quite a bit different than she did before!" Mikayla and the character of Trina were well received in 2019. Cushman said she "is a terrific young actress and hopefully, we will see more of her." "Soaps In Depth" also hoped Trina would get more focus. "Since stepping into the role earlier this year, Sydney Mikayla has definitely captured our attention. Trina's not necessarily the troublemaker she was introduced as a few years back, but she's maintained her edge while avoiding becoming a glorified talk-to for the other teens. And it's not like she's adverse to stirring things up! [...] The more time we spend with Trina, the more we like - and want to know more about - her!" "Daytime Confidential" listed Mikayla at #10 on its list of the "Top 10 Female Entertainers of 2019." The website praised Mikayla for her portrayal, her chemistry with her co-stars and said the actress "added a much needed boost GH's teen scene." Campbell said Mikayla had "been stealing scenes all year on General Hospital as Josslyn's best friend." "Soap Opera Digest" said "Three cheers for Trina Robinson, a breath of fresh air in GH's teen scene." The magazine hailed Mikayla as "a charismatic actress, who has created a believable, likable, down-to-earth figure in Trina." "Digest" also noted that "her charm isn't just limited to her peers: Mikayla made a strong impression working opposite Maura West. [...] We hope the show has big plans [...] for this rising star." Tamilu of "Soap Central" praised the show's casting of its younger characters, including Mikayla as Trina. Each character "holds my interest because each of them is an interesting character in their own right." In 2020, "Soap Opera Digest's" Editorial director Stephanie Sloane said "Sydney Mikayla has been quite a find as GH's Trina." Thompson described Trina as a "fantastic supporting player." In celebration of Mikayla's first anniversary in 2020, Campbell said "It's hard to just not love young Trina on General Hospital.[...] The actress has taken a character just meant to be the best friend of a legacy character and made her someone to root for every day." Cushman said Mikayla is "my favorite of the younger cast." "Soap Opera Digest's" Mara Levinsky said the actress "earned her way from sidekick to centerpiece in GH's teen scene." Carly Silver credited Mikayla for making Trina "one of the most compelling teen characters in Port Charles." Silver said "the sky's the limit for Trina!" Silver later stated that Mikayla found "success on the show, with fans, writers, and critics alike." "Soaps In Depth" said "We immediately felt a connection between Trina and her new boss, Ava." Campbell said "Watching Mikayla with Maura West now that Trina is Ava's art protege is another delight and an inspired pairing." Thompson described the revelation that Taggert was Trina's father as a "stunner" and said "it's about time we finally meet members of Trina's family." "Soaps In Depth" was excited by the prospect of Trina being connected to the canvas and said "more story for Sydney Mikayla - who played as beautifully opposite Donnell Turner's Curtis as she has every other scene partner she's had - is a good thing in our book." Cushman said "it was a nice surprise, one I and likely others didn't see coming." While intrigued by Trina's tie to Taggert, Tamilu of "Soap Central" felt his return in the midst of a brewing mob war made him "expendable" as there hadn't been any significant casualties to further plot. "That's how you do it" Hinsey said in praise of the writers slow approach to expanding Trina. She continued that Trina "was eased into the canvas before viewers met" her family. Mikayla received critical acclaim for her performance in the wake of Trina's abduction and her grief over Taggert. Mikayla was awarded with "Soap Opera Digest's" Performer of the Week. Cushman said Mikayla was "absolutely fantastic." Meanwhile, Markos Papadatos of "Digital Journal" said "one can feel Mikayla's pain and raw emotions" in the "powerful scenes." He continued, "Whenever she is given great written material to work with, she nails those scenes. Really well done." "Soap Opera News" also listed Mikayla as its Performer of the Week. The blog hailed her as "a star!" While they were already impressed, "she really shined this week! [...] Sydney did a fantastic job of portraying Trina's fear and need to save her father." Liz Masters felt "cheated [by Taggert's "death"] because Taggert was written out when he had so much potential with Trina and Portia." Cushman insisted that Mikayla deserved Emmy recognition for her work throughout the story. Mikayla was nominated for Outstanding Younger Performer in a Drama Series at the 48th Daytime Emmy Awards for the scenes. Mikayla lost to "Days of Our Lives" actor Victoria Konefal, who plays Ciara Brady. Cushman said Mikayla "gave yet another Daytime Emmy worthy performance as Trina. The grief and rage this young actress has portrayed through the storyline has been totally believable." "Michael Fairman TV" praised Mikayla for delivering her scenes opposite a temporary recast in Asante Jones, "not Andrews, whom she had previously developed an on-screen chemistry with as father/daughter." The site later said, Mikayla "showed she can make the most out of heavy emotional material ... and she holds her own in scenes with the one and only Maura West, too." In 2021, Silver stated that Mikayla "has been wowing audiences since 2019." Cushman said "I've sung this young actress' praise several times and still hope to see her up for a Daytime Emmy." Smith said the actress "has won hearts for her tender portrayal." Smith added that if not for Mikayla, "Trina could have easily been a one-note character." "Soap Opera Digest" praised the dynamic between Mikayla and Kerr as Trina confronted Portia about her affair. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024666 Helen Hampton Helen Noelene Hampton (1921 - February 1971, Geneva, Switzerland was a New Zealand diplomat who was only the second female in history to have served as a Permanent Representative to the UN in Geneva. The first was Swedish ambassador Inga Thorsson who had taken up her post in 1966. Through her appointment as Permanent Representative Hampton became also the first female New Zealand diplomat to hold the rank of Ambassador. Biography. Hampton was born in 1921 as the only child of James Henry Hampton and Doris Hampton. She attended Victoria University College (now Victoria University of Wellington) and graduated in 1946 with a BA in economics. She joined the newly formed External Affairs Department in 1945 and upon graduation was posted to New York as a member of the New Zealand delegation to the United Nations. Subsequent postings took her to Canberra, London and Ottawa before her appointment as Permanent Representative to the European Office of the UN in Geneva in 1968. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024671 2022 California's 17th State Assembly district special election The 2022 California 17th State Assembly district special election is an upcoming special election to fill the vacant 17th Assembly District. Incumbent Assemblymember David Chiu resigned the seat to become City Attorney of San Francisco on November 1, 2021. Governor Gavin Newsom scheduled the election for April 19, 2022. The blanket primary election will be held on February 15, coinciding with the local special election on the same date. Background. On November 1, 2021, then-Assemblymember David Chiu resigned his Assemblymember position and was sworn in as San Francisco City Attorney. On November 15, Governor Newsom declared that the primary election would occur on February 15, 2022, and the general election would occur on April 19. The election is a two-round system. If no candidate wins a simple majority of votes in the primary election, the top two vote-getters will face off in the general election. Voter turnout for special elections is often lower than that of regular elections. However, after new vote by mail laws passed in California due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the most recent off-cycle election included unusually high turnout primarily via the vote by mail option. Turnout for the 2021 California gubernatorial recall election was 58%, twice as high as expected in a normal special election. If this trend holds, the California 17th assembly district special election could have similarly high turnout. Candidates. Four candidates are certified to run in the special election. All the candidates are registered Democrats. Issues. The first major dividing issue of this race emerged after the San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted against a housing development at 469 Stevenson Street in San Francisco, with three supervisors including AD-17 candidate Matt Haney voting in favor of the project. Pundits argued six of the supervisors who voted against the housing project did so as a way of "punishing Matt Haney for running against David Campos." The proposed housing site, which is located in Haney's district and currently serves as a valet parking lot for Nordstrom, would have provided 73 affordable housing units on-site and 45 off-site, as well as created 1,000 union jobs. Campos defended the supervisors who voted to reject the project, arguing that the project would cause gentrification and displacement in the neighborhood. Other leaders such as State Senator Scott Wiener disagreed with Campos' argument, noting that "What causes gentrification and displacement is when you have a profound housing shortage and the cost of housing goes through the roof." The two other candidates in the race, Bilal Mahmood and Thea Selby, sided with Haney and Wiener, arguing that the 469 Stevenson project should have been approved by the Board of Supervisors. External Links. California Secretary of State: Assembly District 17 - Special Election 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024696 Francis Hedoire Francis Hedoire (born 1 December 1955) is a French former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He notably played for Dunkerque, Lens, and Paris Saint-Germain. Playing career. While playing at an amateur level with US Billy Berclau and simultaneously working as a mechanical welder in a factory, Hedoire was scouted by Dunkerque, who were then playing in the Division 2. He joined the club in 1973, initially playing for the reserve team. After several months of learning, Hedoire became a starter in Dunkerque under the order of head coach Elie Fruchart. He would go on to make a total of 90 Division 2 appearances for Dunkerque. In 1978, Hedoire joined newly-relegated Division 2 side Lens. Given the role of starting goalkeeper, he distinguished himself at the end of the 1978-79 season, during the playoffs for promotion to the Division 1. Lens had to beat Paris FC across two legs in order to be promoted; the first leg at the Parc des Princes ended in a 0-0 draw, and so did the second on 14 June 1979 at the Stade Felix-Bollaert. The match went to a penalty shoot-out, and Hedoire saved two of Paris FC's three penalties, while the other one was shot wide. After the match, Hedoire was triumphantly carried by supporters of Lens. Thanks to their goalkeeper, Lens were promoted back to the Division 1 one year after leaving it. In five years playing for the "Sang et Or", Hedoire would go on to make 154 league appearances for the club, including 123 in the Division 1. Hedoire signed for Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) in 1983, becoming the backup of Dominique Baratelli. He stayed on the bench the entire 1983-84 season before suffering an injury in an exhibition match. PSG opted not to extend his contract, and he left at the end of the season, marking the end of his professional career. He subsequently signed for amateur side Arras, where he would play until his retirement in 1989. Post-playing career. After retiring from his football career, Hedoire would coach young goalkeepers at several different clubs. In 2016, he became a goalkeeping coach at amateur club US Vermelles. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024697 Gonario Gianoglio Gonario Gianoglio (1 January 1932 - 13 October 2021) was an Italian politician. A member of the Christian Democracy party, he served as Mayor of Nuoro from 1964 to 1969 and in the Regional Council of Sardinia from 1973 to 1979. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024738 Joseph Rosenberg Joseph H. Rosenberg was a bank executive credited with financing most of the Hollywood movie industry in its early days. Rosenberg, who served as an executive of Bank of America and Lehman Brothers, had a 61-year career in banking. Early Years. Joseph Rosenberg was born in Hungary, immigrated to the US (Cleveland, Ohio), age six. After studying engineering at Case School of Applied Science and graduating from Yale University (class of 1903), he was a surveyor of an ill-fated Mexican railroad construction venture, attempted a mining career in Arizona, and rode a horse 275 miles from Goldfield, Nevada, to Chloride, Arizona, in search of a job. This lone open-country ride, in which Indians ferried him across the Colorado River while the horse swam at the end of a rope, took two weeks. The trip was prolonged for two days because he was asked to stay by a family he met in his travels, who had not seen anyone for three months. After seven unsuccessful years of engineering, Rosenberg was hired by the Arizona Central Bank (Kingman, Arizona with a branch in Chloride) in 1910. In 1926 he joined Los Angeles Merchants National Bank. When Merchants was absorbed by Bank of America, Rosenberg became a vice president. With most banks skeptical about the movie industry as it tried to become big business, Bank of America financed many studio loans. The job of evaluating producers and movies fell to Rosenberg, who had total responsibility for approving movie lending. Walt Disney. Midway through making Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Walt Disney, after spending $1.25 million, needed another $250,000 to complete the film. Disney ran a rough cut for Rosenberg, who sat impassively during the showing. Then Rosenberg turned to the worried Disney and said, "Walt, that thing is going to make a hatful of money" and approved the loan. Trial of Joseph Schenck. On 18 March 1941, Rosenberg described in court a $100,000 loan made to Joseph M. Schenck, which Schenck repaid within four days. Rosenberg, testifying in the trial of the film executive on income tax evasion charges, said that on June 22, 1937, four days after the loan was made, Schenck telephoned him just before the bank closed for the day and said he was coming over. Rosenberg said that Schenck appeared carrying a brown paper grocer's bag. In the bag was $100,000 in fifty and hundred dollar bills. The government described the $100,000 as a "mystery" sum and indicated testimony could be offered to show that through a series of business deals Schenck came out $100,000 ahead and allegedly failed to declare the $100,000 in his income tax return. Schenck was convicted of tax evasion, went to prison, and subsequently received a presidential pardon from Harry S. Truman. Later Years. At the age of 65 in 1946, the bank forced Rosenberg to retire, and he started a second career. He joined Lehman Brothers as a senior partner and opened their Los Angeles office a month after leaving Bank of America. Even at the age of 89 he was still working when he became ill. He died at Good Samaritan Hospital (Los Angeles) and is interred in Home of Peace Cemetery (East Los Angeles). In later years he often criticized companies for forcing managers to retire at 65. He called it a waste of the country's most productive resource. Rosenberg never married and outlived his three brothers, who managed Milwaukee woolen mills in which Rosenberg held an interest. Three nieces who lived in Milwaukee survived him. Philanthropy. In 1968, the Hebrew Union College's new California school, adjacent to University of Southern California at 32nd and Hoover Streets, included the Joseph H. Rosenberg Center of the American Jewish Archives. The Center collected documents pertaining to the origins and development of Western Jewry that made history. Dr. Nelson Glueck, college president, said that the Center was being named for its donor, who at 86 was still a general partner in the Los Angeles office of Lehman Brothers. Rosenberg had long been active on behalf of the California school and was chairman of its budget and finance committee. Dr. Glueck added that the Rosenberg Center would be the West Coast depository of copies of documents, numbering about three million pages, in the American Jewish Archives on the Cincinnati campus of the 93-year-old rabbinical seminary. The Archives, said Dr. Glueck, were a Jewish counterpart of the National Archives in Washington, D.C., and devoted to the systematic collection and preservation of material shedding light on the Jewish experience in the Western Hemisphere. The new California school, for which land had recently been purchased, was to replace inadequate facilities at 8745 Appian Way in the Hollywood Hills, part of the four-campus college, which also had schools in New York and Jerusalem to train rabbis, cantors and Jewish educators. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024764 Nate Barnes Nate Barnes is an American country music singer and songwriter. Barnes was born in South Haven, Michigan. Growing up, he worked at a blueberry farm and a nuclear power plant. In 2020, Barnes took a vacation in Nashville, Tennessee where a friend introduced him to songwriter Jason Sellers and record label executive Benny Brown, who was formerly the president of BBR Music Group. After Barnes played songs for the two of them, Brown signed him to Quartz Hill Records, a record label that he had just founded. Barnes then wrote his first single, "You Ain't Pretty", with Sellers and Jimmy Yeary. The song was then released on TikTok, where it went on to gain over 12 million views after its 2021 release. Following this, he began working on his debut album with producers Mickey Jack Cones and Derek George. In addition to its release to radio, the song was made into a music video, which has aired on CMT. By October 2021, "You Ain't Pretty" had reached number 47 on the "Billboard" Country Airplay charts. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024769 Sclerococcum fissurinae Sclerococcum fissurinae is a species of lichenicolous fungus in the family Dactylosporaceae. Found in Alaska, it was formally described as a new species in 2020 by Sergio Perez-Ortega. The type specimen was collected in the Hoonah-Angoon Census Area, just outside of Glacier Bay National Park. Here it was found growing on the script lichen species "Fissurina insidiosa", which itself was growing on the bark of an alder tree. The specific epithet refers to its host. The fungus forms black, circular apothecia on its lichen host that are up to 0.6 mm in diameter. Its asci are eight-spored, measuring 25-33 by 8-12 mm. The ascospores are brown with an ellipsoid shape, and typical dimensions of 8-12 by 3-4 mm; they usually have three septa, although sometimes only one or two occur. A morphologically similar species in the same genus is "S. parasiticum" but in this fungus, which has a different host, the ascospores are slightly larger (9-15 by 3.5-5 mm). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024777 Chris Edwards (Canadian football) Christopher Edwards (born December 23, 1992) is a professional Canadian football defensive back for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL). College career. Edwards first played college football for the Grand Rapids Raiders in 2011 where the team finished with an 11-0 record. After Grand Rapids cancelled their football program, he transferred to Butte College in 2012 where the team finished 12-0. He then transferred again to play for the Idaho Vandals where he completed his junior and senior years in 2014 and 2015, respectively. Professional career. Oakland Raiders. After going undrafted in the 2016 NFL Draft, Edwards signed with the Oakland Raiders on May 16, 2016. However, he was released at the end of training camp on August 29, 2016. Edmonton Eskimos. After sitting out the 2016 season, Edwards signed with the Edmonton Eskimos on January 30, 2017. He made his regular season debut on June 24, 2021 against the BC Lions. He played in 17 games where he had 14 defensive tackles, four special teams tackles, and one interception. He returned his lone interception for a 73-yard touchdown after picking off the Montreal Alouettes' Drew Willy on October 9, 2017 in the Thanksgiving Day Classic. In his second season with the Eskimos, Edwards played in all 18 regular season games where he had 46 defensive tackles, four special teams tackles, two interceptions, and two forced fumbles. He became a free agent on February 12, 2019. BC Lions. On the first day of CFL free agency, on February 12, 2019, Edwards signed with the BC Lions to a one-year contract. He played in 18 regular season games with the Lions and recorded 50 defensive tackles, one interception, and two forced fumbles. He also recorded his first career sack on July 6, 2019, when he tackled McLeod Bethel-Thompson of the Toronto Argonauts. In the offseason, he was granted an early release on January 7, 2020, to pursue National Football League interests. San Francisco 49ers. On January 9, 2020, Edwards signed with the San Francisco 49ers. He was promoted to the active roster for the November 29, 2020 game against the Los Angeles Rams. He was released during the following off-season on May 4, 2021. Toronto Argonauts. On June 2, 2021, it was announced that Edwards had signed with the Toronto Argonauts. In his fourth year in the league, Edwards played in all 14 regular season games for the Argos, contributing with 37 defensive tackles, one special teams tackle, three sacks, three interceptions, and two touchdowns. He was named a CFL All-Star for the first time in his career. Edwards was suspended by the Canadian Football League for six games in the 2022 season following a fan altercation after the Argos were eliminated from the playoffs by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024788 Tajihi-Sarugake Castle is the remains of a castle structure in Akitakata, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. In 1500, Mori Motonari's father Mori Hiromoto moved from Yoshida-Koriyama Castle to the castle and lived a retired life. Motonari spent 23 years in the castle before returning to Yoshida-Koriyama castle as a head of Mori clan. Motonari's son Mori Takamoto was born in the castle in 1523. Tajihi-Sarugake castle survived as a supporting castle of Yoshida-Koriyama castle even after Motonari left but it is believed the castle was abandoned when Mori Terumoto moved clan's main bastion to Hiroshima castle in 1591. Its ruins have been protected as a National Historic Site, since 1940. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024792 Juozas Zemaitis Juozas Zemaitis, M.I.C., (August 30, 1926 - October 5, 2021) was a Lithuanian Roman Catholic prelate and member of the Congregation of Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception. He served as the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Vilkaviskis from 1991 until his retirement in October 2002. Zemaitis was born on August 30, 1926, in Sparviniai, Sakiai District Municipality, Lithuania. He was ordained as a Catholic priest on September 25, 1949. Bishop emeritus Juozas Zemaitis died in Marijampole, Lithuania. on October 5, 2021, at the age of 95. He was buried in the crypt of St. Michael the Archangel Roman Catholic Cathedral in Marijampole on October 8, 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024823 Allan State School Allan State School is a heritage-listed former state school and teacher's residence at 280 Sandy Creek Road, Allan, Southern Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Department of Public Works (Queensland) and Richard George Suter and was built from 1872 to 1886. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 3 May 2019. History. The former Allan State School was originally named Sandy Creek State School and was established in 1872 on a site. Situated approximately WNW of Warwick, on the Darling Downs, the school retains an excellent and highly intact example of a Suter-designed school building. The teacher's residence, also Suter-designed and constructed at the same time as the school, is considered to be the only known example to survive in Queensland. Prior to the school being closed in 1967 and sold to private owners, it had been in continuous use since its establishment and was the focus for the local community as a place for important social and cultural activities. The traditional owners of the Warwick District were the Githabal language group. Early European explorer and botanist, Allan Cunningham, first visited the Darling Downs, in 1827. Thirteen years later, grazier Patrick Leslie, with a large party, set out from Penrith, New South Wales to explore the Darling Downs. In 1840, he pioneered the first pastoral runs on the Downs, Toolburra and Canning Downs, and established the important wool industry in the region. Agriculture was also introduced to Sandy Creek in this era when closer settlement began, and a small, but thriving, farming community emerged. Crops such as wheat, maize and lucerne were grown on Sandy Creek's farms. There was also a fledgling dairy industry by the 1870s and an extensive vineyard, Assmanshausen Winery which had been established by early German settlers, the Kircher family. By 1869 there were almost 200 people residing in the Sandy Creek district including families with small children. The closest schools were in Warwick, a considerable distance for a child to travel each day. To overcome this problem, the community made a request to the government for a school, "if there was a school established here it would not only offer a chance for educating our little ones, but we might retain their services at home, which are found to be so valuable on a farm, both in the early morning and after school hours at night". Sandy Creek farmer, Michael McKone, donated of his property for the school, with frontage to the road to Sandy Creek from Warwick (now called Sandy Creek Road). McKone and other community members donated funds to assist with the construction of a school. The request was successful, and in November 1871 tenders were called for the construction of a school and teacher's residence for Sandy Creek. The successful contractors were Warwick carpentry partnership, William Wallace and William Marshall who were to "perform, execute and complete all the works required in erecting and finishing a school house and teacher's residence at Sandy Creek in accordance with certain plans and specifications prepared for the purpose by Richard George Suter of Brisbane, Architect, and to provide furniture and also a tank and pump for the same". The establishment of schools was considered an essential step in the development of early communities and integral to their success. Following the introduction of the Education Act 1860, which established the Board of General Education and began standardising curriculum, training and facilities, Queensland's national and public schools grew from four in 1860 to 230 by 1875. Locals often donated land and labour for a school's construction and the school community contributed to maintenance and development. Schools became a community focus, a symbol of progress, and a source of pride, with enduring connections formed with past pupils, parents, and teachers. Suter was a private architect commissioned from 1865 by the Board of General Education to design school buildings. After 1868, Suter was responsible for most of the Board's buildings until 1875. In his timber school designs, Suter incorporated an "outside studding" - construction technique whereby a building with timber stud framing was clad only internally, creating a distinctive exterior of exposed framing similar in appearance to half-timbered construction. Suter recognised that in a relatively mild climate a timber wall essentially half an inch thick would provide adequate enclosure and permit quick dissipation of interior heat. To achieve architectural pretension, the hardwood frame and softwood linings were stained and oil finished in different colours and diagonal or crossed bracing members were introduced not only for structural integrity but for expressive and decorative effect. Suter is credited with being the first to use this technique in Queensland. Outside studding for school architecture was continued by Suter's successors for another 50 years and the technique was transmitted throughout the colony, becoming popular and used in countless non-education buildings. As an architect in the early years of the colony, Suter was prolific despite only practicing for approximately 10 years in Queensland and had a strong influence on the establishment of Queensland architecture. Suter's standard designs were widely used by the government as an easy way to provide education facilities in the face of limited budgets and a growing population. The reuse of designs diminished the need to pay Suter additional architectural fees and the relationship between Suter and the government became strained. Suter continued as approved architect until 1875 when he was replaced. Although Suter's Brisbane school buildings were of brick construction, in rural areas Suter designed timber-framed school buildings. Initially, his designs were simple, lowset, structures with gable roofs, rectangular in plan with a small porch. When first built, the Sandy Creek school (Allan State School) was a one-room timber school, with externally exposed timber framing, hardwood shingle roof, and small entrance porch facing the road, with no verandahs or rear door. Most Queensland state schools incorporated a teacher's residence on the site, particularly in rural areas. In Australia, only Queensland offered free accommodation to teachers, the government policy applying to male teachers (only) from as early as 1864. This was partial recompense for a low wage, an incentive for teacher recruitment in rural areas and provided onsite caretakers. From the outset, teachers' residences were built to standards regulated by the Board of General Education rather than to specific designs which varied according to the architects responsible. These residences were similar to the vernacular Queensland house with few, if any, education-specific requirements or features. Residences designed by the Department of Public Works' architects, and constructed to the high standard demanded by the state, were typically of a higher-quality in design, materials and construction than most similarly scaled private residences. The detached teacher's residence was located within the school grounds at a distance from the teaching buildings, usually with a separate, fenced yard with gardens and trees. The teacher's residence at Sandy Creek was built to the west of the school and originally shared the same distance from the front boundary as the school. When first built, it was a small timber two-room house with rear kitchen, including fireplace, a hardwood shingle roof and front verandah. The school was opened on 13 May 1872 with an enrolment of 24 students. Both buildings had cost PS304 to construct. In December 1872 tenders were called for the construction of a fence around the playground and a fireplace for the teacher's residence. In October 1873 it was recorded that 41 children were on the roll. By 1878 this increased to 60 children and the school inspector reported "the pupils are clean, pretty steady and attentive, well-behaved and docile". The paddock west of the residence became the playing field with a cricket pitch, netball hoop and shed and enclosure added at a later date. Despite the general acceptance of Suter's designs, they did receive some criticism from school inspectors, particularly the exposed studding, as many schools had to be clad externally later or have verandahs added to protect the walls. Hand basins were rarely supplied in rural schools, a much criticised design flaw. A rear door leading to the verandah was not provided, requiring one to be cut later. Suter's design was also criticised as being uniformly defective in ventilation. Inspector John Anderson complained in 1875 of the ventilation quality and suggested new techniques. Inspector AJ Boyd was critical of the lack of appreciation of tropical requirements, claiming that all school buildings were designed for cold climates. Some of these problems were addressed when Suter introduced an "improved plan" of his school building and teachers' residence designs in 1873. The "improved plan" added front and rear verandahs, which provided hat rooms and additional play and classroom space to the teaching buildings. This began a distinctive design solution of "classroom and verandah" that continued through evolution until at least the 1960s. Other problems with Suter designs would be addressed in subsequent designs by other Department of Public Works architects, and typically, existing Suter buildings were altered to provide better internal conditions. As the original design of the Sandy Creek school had not included a verandah, it became apparent that one was required to help reduce the heat during the summer months, give protection to the children from the sun and wind, and improve light and ventilation. In 1878 the school inspector reported to the Colonial Architect's Office that the school "has a porch in front of the school which must be taken down . there is no door to the back of the building". Additions recommended were for the construction of front and rear verandahs and the inclusion of a back door. This work, however, did not take place at this time and in 1883 the school committee made a request to the Department of Public Instruction (the department) for the construction of verandahs and stated that "we were now prepared to contribute our share towards their erection". It was not until 1886, however, following further requests from the school committee that the improvements were carried out and tenders were called. Subsequently, the front porch was removed and front and rear verandas with timber balustrades and stairs were built. A door was also introduced to the back verandah. By 1878 the school was known as the Sandy Creek State School. In 1885 the school committee requested additions to the teacher's residence for the construction of two new rooms. The committee had been successful in raising PS21 to contribute to the cost of the extensions. This, and the addition of a new chimney had been completed by June 1886. The two new rooms were added to the front of the residence, with the original two rooms becoming the rear gabled section of the building. The front verandah was shifted from the original section to the front of the new addition. In 1896 both the school building and residence had their roofs sheeted with corrugated iron. In 1930 the teaching building's timber floor, which was in great need of repair, was replaced. Sandy Creek remained a bustling agricultural centre in the late nineteenth century with three hotels. In 1899 a small, timber Anglican Church, St Matthews, was constructed adjacent to the school. When the South-Western railway line was extended from Warwick to Goondiwindi in 1904, a railway siding was built to Sandy Creek. It was, however, named Allan railway station rather than Sandy Creek. Its namesake was William Allan (1840-1901), successful Sandy Creek district pastoralist and well-respected Parliamentarian. In 1917 a community hall, the Allies Hall, was constructed in Sandy Creek which became the centre for social activities in the district for several decades. The hall is no longer extant. In 1929, at the request of the school committee, the department approved the school's named change from Sandy Creek to Allan. Prior to this, the school committee expressed their concerns to the department in relation to the school's name; "Sandy Creek" was often confused with other districts of the same name, causing mail delays, and as the railway station was called Allan, the school should be also. Arbor Day had been an important event in the school calendar at Allan State School. Arbor Day celebrations began in Queensland in 1890. Aesthetically-designed gardens were encouraged by regional inspectors, and educators believed gardening and Arbor Days instilled in young minds the value of hard work and activity, improved classroom discipline, developed aesthetic tastes, and inspired people to stay on the land. In September 1928, the curator of the Brisbane Botanic Gardens, Ernest Walter Bick, supplied six trees for Allan State School, at the request of the head teacher, Austin Corcoran, for that year's Arbor Day celebrations. Continuing with the tradition, in September 1948, it was reported in the Warwick Daily News several trees had been planted at the school for that year's Arbor Day, and one was planted by an original Sandy Creek pupil, Mr Dippelsman, aged 76. The mature silky oak tree ("Grevillea robusta") situated behind the teacher's residence may be an Arbor Day planting. A major event in the history of the school was the celebration of its Diamond Jubilee in May 1932. It was reported in several newspapers at the time, including the Warwick Daily News and The Queenslander that it was attended by up to 400 people, 200 of which were past pupils. A souvenir booklet, outlining the history of the school and listing past teachers and pupils was distributed to all who attended. The celebrations included a luncheon held in a marquee erected for the occasion at the school, a picnic, sports program and an evening ball in the Allies Hall. The school building itself was described at the time, "the original school building, to which verandahs and a porch only have been added since its erection 60 years ago". Dignitaries, such as the Mayor of Warwick attended and photographs of past and present pupils were taken at the front of the school. Subsequent celebrations were held at the school in 1947 for the school's 75th anniversary and in 1951 for its 79th anniversary. In 1992, the 120 year anniversary of the school was celebrated, and commemorated with a history booklet and a commemorative plaque placed at the front of the school, which lists its opening and closing dates. In 1954 a playshed was built in the school grounds. This followed several requests from the school committee to the department from the 1930s to the 1950s. The Queensland education system recognised the importance of play in the school curriculum and, as school sites were typically cleared of all vegetation, the provision of all-weather outdoor space was needed. Playsheds were designed as free-standing shelters, with fixed timber seating between posts and earth or decomposed granite floors that provided covered play space and doubled as teaching space when required. These structures were timber-framed and generally open sided, although some were partially enclosed with timber boards or corrugated galvanised iron sheets. Playsheds were a typical addition to state schools across Queensland between s and the 1950s, although less frequently constructed after , with the introduction of highset school buildings with understorey play areas. Built to standard designs, playsheds ranged in size relative to student numbers. One year after its construction, the Allan State School playshed was enclosed to protect the children from the strong westerly winds in the winter months. In 1956 electricity was installed in the school building and the residence. In 1960 alterations were made to the residence when the front verandah was enclosed, providing an extra two rooms. In 2017 this was reopened and elements including the balustrade and verandah posts were reconstructed. Other than that, very little change has occurred. By the 1960s enrolment numbers had dropped to fewer than 26 pupils and in 1966 there were only 11 students attending. The department reported that "consideration is at present being given to the possibility of the closure of the Allan State School as a result of transport of children to a Warwick school". In 1967 the school was closed and the following year the property was sold into private ownership and was subsequently established as a farm. In 2017, the former Allan State School changed ownership and during that year, renovations were undertaken to the Suter teacher's residence. These renovations included a gable-roofed extension to the southeast of the rear annexe, and an addition to the northwest side of the building. The bathroom was converted into a hallway, and the kitchen to a bedroom; and a new kitchen and pantry was installed. The dividing wall between the 1886 addition's rooms was removed, with bulkhead retained. Most wall and ceiling linings were plastered, except for a beaded board ceiling to the 1886 addition's rooms. A enclosure of the front verandah was re-opened, and the verandah was largely reconstructed to the early detailing. The following year, in 2018, the Suter teaching building was re-levelled, with original timber stumps retained where viable. In 2019 there were only three Suter-designed timber teaching buildings entered in the Queensland Heritage Register: Waterford State School, Mutdapilly State School and Morayfield State School. The teacher's residence is the only known surviving Suter-designed teacher's residence in Queensland. The school site has changed little since the school was first established in the 1870s. In 2019 it remains in private ownership, the house is used as a private residence, and the teaching building is used as an office. The former school evokes a sense of the past and is a reminder of the way generations of Allan State School children went to school. Operating from 1872 to 1967, Allan State School, has played an important role in the Allan district. Generations of students have been taught there and many social events held at the school since its establishment. Description. The former Allan State School occupies a largely flat site in the locality of Allan (formerly known as Sandy Creek), approximately WNW of Warwick in the Darling Downs. Fronting and accessed by Sandy Creek Road to the southwest, the site is bounded on all other sides by agricultural properties. Now a residential property, the place retains a complex of former school buildings and structures, remnants of play equipment and spaces, and landscape elements. The features of heritage significance within the complex are: Most of the buildings and structures are located at the southeast end of the site, with the playing field forming the western portion of the site and the shed and enclosure standing in the northwest corner. The Suter teaching building and the Suter teacher's residence are aligned parallel to and facing Sandy Creek Road to the southwest. North of the school buildings, the playshed stands adjacent to the former tennis court. The grounds are divided by fences into sections: the school to the east, the residence yard in the centre, and the playing field to the west. Suter teaching building (1872, extended 1886). The Suter teaching building is a highly-intact, lowset, timber classroom building (former), sheltered by a steeply-pitched gable roof with a broken-back over front (southwest) and rear (northeast) verandahs. Accessed via central stairs, the verandahs are largely open, with the rear verandah semi-enclosed at each end. The interior comprises a single classroom (former), accessed by central doors from the front and rear verandahs. Suter teacher's residence (1872, extended 1886 and 2017). The Suter teacher's residence is a lowset, timber residence that has an open verandah to the front (southwest), an annexe and a 2017 addition to the rear (northeast), and a mostly-detached 2017 extension to the side (northwest). The building has a dual-gable roof, with a broken back over the front verandah, and perpendicular gables over the rear annexe and addition. Playshed (1954). The playshed is a 6-post, timber-framed, rectangular sheltered play space. It has a corrugated cement sheet-clad hip roof, and the roof framing is exposed to the interior. Landscape features and play equipment. The Suter teaching building and Suter teacher's residence are highly visible and prominent features of Sandy Creek Road. With vistas from the road across an open front lawn, the buildings read as a pair, set within a rural landscape. The playing field, located directly south of the shed and enclosure, is an open grassed area, separated from the former school buildings by a fence. An early netball hoop is located at the north end of the playing field. It comprises a roughly-hewn timber post, with a metal hoop fixed to the top. The timber frame of an early swing is located between the Suter teaching building and playshed. The framing includes two tall, roughly-hewn timber posts connected with a timber beam. Some early metal fixings and chains are attached to the beam. Remnants of the tennis court include two timber net posts, with metal hooks. The extent of the former tennis court is now grassed. Four early timber posts along the east boundary mark the original extent of the grounds: two are located at the corners of the lot boundary, one is adjacent a chicken coop and one is near the swing set. Other early timber fence posts are along the playing field section of the Sandy Creek Road boundary. The two-rail timber fence with wire mesh along Sandy Creek Road has been reconstructed to match its design. A commemorative stone (1992) is located near the entrance gate from Sandy Creek Road to the school yard, marking the 120th anniversary of the school, and its opening and closing dates. A mature silky oak tree (Grevillea robusta) survives between the residence yard and playing field. Heritage listing. The former Allan State School was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 3 May 2019 having satisfied the following criteria. The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history. Allan State School (established in 1872 as Sandy Creek Provisional School) is important in demonstrating the evolution of state education, and its associated architecture, in Queensland. The place retains excellent, representative examples of government designs that were architectural responses to prevailing government educational philosophies and later became standard. These buildings are: a Suter teaching building (1872, extended 1886); a Suter teacher's residence (1872, extended 1886); and a playshed (1954). The Suter teaching building and its extensions represent the early development of standard Queensland school classroom building types by the Department of Public Works architects, and the commencement of years of experimentation with light, classroom size and ventilation. The Suter teacher's residence is important as early, representative evidence of the Queensland Government's policy to provide accommodation for married male teachers as an inducement to teach in rural areas and to provide a resident caretaker on the site. The playshed, playing field and sporting facilities are representative of Queensland Government's recognition of the importance of play in the education of children. Reserved for school purposes in 1872, the place demonstrates the establishment and development of closer settlement in the Warwick district, an early agricultural and pastoral area in Queensland. The place demonstrates rare, uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland's cultural heritage. Highly intact, the timber Suter teaching building at Allan State School is rare as one of four known surviving intact examples of the approximately 65 buildings of this type constructed. As a pair, the Suter teaching Building and Suter teacher's residence are rare as the only known surviving example of a Suter-designed timber school building and teacher's residence complex in Queensland, and as the earliest known surviving pair of a school building and teacher's residence built concurrently by the Queensland Government. Together the pair are exceptional, demonstrating a high degree of integrity through their retention of historical form, configuration and setting. The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places. The former Allan State School is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of early Queensland state schools, including building designs by the Queensland Government, set in a generous site with play areas, sporting facilities, and a mature tree. The Suter teaching building is an excellent, highly intact and rare example of its type, with typical early alterations for improved light and ventilation. It demonstrates the principal characteristics of a Suter teaching building, including: its lowset form with gable roof; single-skin, timber-framed construction with externally exposed studs and bracing; and single-room classroom space with narrow windows. The early alterations, including front and rear verandahs (1886), exterior cladding in timber weatherboards, and corrugated metal roof sheets, are typical modifications made to this building type following the introduction Suter's "improved plan" in 1873. As the only known example of its type surviving in Queensland, the Suter teacher's residence is a rare example of its type, with typical and early alterations. The building demonstrates the principal characteristics of a Suter teacher's residence, through its: lowset form; interior layout comprising a core of sleeping and living spaces, with a rear kitchen annexe; and coved ceilings to interior rooms. Early modifications include: the 1886 extension for increased accommodation; weatherboard and chamferboard exterior cladding; and corrugated metal roof sheets. The playshed is a good, intact example of a standard 6-post Department of Public Works-designed playshed. It demonstrates the principal characteristics of its type through its hipped roof with exposed timber framing; timber posts and braces; timber perimeter seats; and partially enclosed sides. The place is important because of its aesthetic significance. As a cohesive pair of timber buildings from the 19th century, the former Allan State School is important for its contribution to the locality and its evocative qualities. Set back from and aligned with the adjacent road, the Suter teaching building and Suter teacher's residence possess an ordered simplicity and unified composition of scale, form and materiality; which are complemented by the rural landscape setting. The former school buildings, largely unchanged from their 19th century form and preserved in their original configuration and setting, evoke a sense of nostalgia for the simplicity of Queensland's rural schooling experience in the past. The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons. The former Allan State School has a strong and ongoing association with past pupils, parents, staff members, and the surrounding community through sustained use from its establishment in 1872 until its closing in 1967. The place is important for its contribution to the educational development of the Sandy Creek / Allan district, with generations of children taught at the school. It has served as a prominent community focal point and gathering place for social events, with widespread community support. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024841 Ezra W. Wilkinson Ezra W. Wilkinson (February 6, 1801 - February 6, 1882) was a Massachusetts politician. Personal life. Wilkinson was born in Attleborough, Massachusetts on February 14, 1801 to Noah Wilkinson. He was graduated at Brown University in 1824. He never married. In person he was very tall and erect, even to the last days of his life. He was scrupulously neat in his attire. He was not easy or fluent in speech, but he was concise and accurate in his use of language. He died in Dedham, but his remains were interred in Wrentham. At his funeral in St. Paul's Church, Dedham, a large number of members of the bar from Boston and elsewhere were in attendance. Resolutions of respect for his memory were presented in the Superior Court at Salem, and in Boston, shortly after his decease. Career. Legal. Wilkinson began his professional studies with Hon. Peter Pratt, of Providence, Rhode Island, where he remained about a year, and he completed them in the office of Josiah J. Fiske, in Wrentham. He was admitted as an attorney of the Court of Common Pleas, at Dedham, Massachusetts at the September term, 1828. He was admitted as a counsellor of the Supreme Judicial Court, at Taunton, Massachusetts at the October term, 1832. He began practice at Freetown, Massachusetts and subsequently removed to Seekonk, Massachusetts. In 1835, he removed to Dedham, and had an office in the same building formerly occupied by Fisher Ames, and then by Theron Metcalf. He was employed to collate and complete the records of the Norfolk County Courthouse, which had fallen into some confusion through the prolonged illness of Judge Ware, the clerk, who had then recently deceased. In 1843, he was appointed by Governor Marcus Morton as district attorney for the district then composed of Worcester and Norfolk Counties. He held this office until 1855. In 1859, upon the establishment of the Superior Court, he was appointed one of the associate justices, being then nearly sixty years of age, and he held the office for more twenty-two years until his death in 1882. He had been in active practice for 31 years, so that his professional and judicial career covered a period of 53 years. He never took time off for illness or a vacation. Within a month before his death, he held a term of court at Salem, Massachusetts. Electoral. He was always a Democrat in politics. He was representative to the General Court from Dedham for three sessions in 1841, 1851, and 1856. He was the candidate of his party against John Quincy Adams for Congress in 1842. He was also a member of the Constitutional Convention of 1853. Other. Wilkinson was a teacher and the head of Monmouth Academy. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024862 Cox College (Missouri) Cox College is a private college associated with the CoxHealth System in Springfield, Missouri. History. The college was established in 1907 as Burge Deaconess Training School. In 2019, the college received approval from the Missouri State Board of Nursing to expand it's nursing class size from 250 to 400 students in anticipation of its completion of a $6.6 million renovation of the main campus in Springfield, making it the second largest nursing program in the state. In addition to expanding the main campus, Cox College also announced it would be creating satellite campuses in Branson and Monett that would offer Associate of Science in Nursing that would open in 2021. As of 2021, it had an enrollment of 727 undergraduate students. Academics. The College offers the following programs: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024870 Tetratheca insularis Tetratheca insularis is a species of plant in the quandong family that is endemic to Australia. Description. The species grows as a compact shrub, usually to 20 cm (sometimes up to 60 cm) in height. The oval leaves are 3-8 mm long and grow in whorls of 3-5. The dark lilac-pink flowers each have four 10-20 mm long petals, appearing from August to December. Distribution and habitat. The species is endemic to Kangaroo Island, South Australia, where it is found mainly on the western half of the island in mallee shrubland on laterite and ironstone soils, occasionally in "Eucalyptus diversifolia" mallee on limestone. References. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024874 Ribomapil Holganza Sr. Ribomapil Estrelloso Holganza, Sr. (April 26, 1935 - January 25, 2015), widely known as Dodong Holganza was a Filipino activist and politician who served as a leader of the opposition against the 10th President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos. As a founding member of the political party PDP-Laban, Holganza was involved with several opposition groups in the Visayas and Mindanao that helped gather support for the overthrow of President Marcos during the EDSA People Power Revolution in 1986. Political career. Ribomapil E. Holganza was born in Dumanjug, Cebu, Philippines, and studied law at the University of San Carlos. After graduating from law school, Holganza entered politics, where he served as city administrator of Cebu City and as secretary to Sergio Osmena Jr. By the early 1970s, Holganza, along with several other activists in Cebu, organized what was then an unpopular opposition coalition against the ruling administration of President Ferdinand Marcos in his hometown. In 1982, Holganza, together with political activists from the Visayas and Mindanao, including Aquilino Pimentel Jr. and Antonio Cuenco, founded the primary opposition party PDP-Laban (then known merely as "Partido Demokratiko Pilipino" before its eventual merger with LABAN) and served as its first Secretary-General. PDP-Laban would go on to elect the next President of the Philippines after the 1986 Philippine presidential election with its standard bearer Corazon Aquino. Christmas Day Detainees. On December 25, 1982, while serving as secretary-general of PDP-Laban, Holganza and his son were arrested by pro-Marcos forces during a raid in Cebu City and were subsequently incarcerated on charges of rebellion until his release in 1985. During the period of their incarceration, Holganza and his son earned the nickname "Christmas Day Detainees" from the press. The arrest of Holganza, as well as the assassination of Ninoy Aquino in 1983, helped galvanize support for the opposition groups in Cebu which, along with other events simultaneously occurring throughout the country, eventually led to the broader People Power Revolution in 1986, and the subsequent assumption of Corazon Aquino of the presidency. Later life and death. After the People Power Revolution, Holganza left politics and retired in Bantayan Island, Cebu, with his family. Holganza died suddenly after a stroke on January 25, 2015, at the age of 79. His death was mourned by many of Cebu's local politicians. Edgardo Labella, who later served as mayor of Cebu City said, ""Dodong" will always be remembered as one of those who vigorously fought against the dictatorship while many others who claimed to be liberators sought refuge and enjoyed comfort in the land of milk and honey, so to speak. I fervently hope students of Philippine History will always remember his name alongside the likes of Inday Nita [Daluz] and Sen. Jose Diokno." Antonio Cuenco, Holganza's former colleague in PDP-Laban said, "May his bravery in the fight to restore democracy in the country serve as an inspiration to the young people." Holganza was married to Rosie Sanchez-Holganza, who came from a Mestizo landowning family in northern Cebu. He has six children with his wife Rosie, including Ribomapil Holganza, Jr. who was a member of the Provincial Board of the Province of Cebu and a former president of the Federation of the Association of Barangay Councils, Rico Rey Holganza, a lawyer and former district collector for the Bureau of Customs in Cebu, Rosemarie Holganza-Borromeo, a journalist and former news chief of ABS-CBN, Dr. Rori Holganza-Mercado, Dr. Rhona Holganza-De Paul, and Ruby Holganza-Ortiz, a barangay captain in Bantayan, Cebu. Legacy. In 2010, Holganza was honored by the Weslaco, Texas, city council, which declared September 30 as Ribomapil Holganza Day in recognition of his role in restoring freedom and democracy in the Philippines. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024910 Elia Bortoluz Elia Bortoluz (born 29 March 1997) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Born in Mestre, Bortoluz started his career on Cittadella, and Torino youth system. He joined to Serie D club Pro Patria for the 2016-17 season, and won the 2017-18 Serie D with the club. On 24 July 2018, Bortoluz signed Serie D club Pergolettese. Honours. Pro Patria Pergolettese 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024943 San Francesco D'Assisi, Calascibetta San Francesco d'Assisi is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Calascibetta, in the region of Sicily, Italy. History and Description. The church and an attached Capuchin order convent was erected in 1589 at this site which formerly was a Jewish neighborhood. A prior convent belonging to the Franciscan Order of Friars Minor Capuchin was erected in 1534 in the valley between this town an Enna. During the following centuries this convent typically housed about 30 friars. In 1866, the convent was suppressed. The church remained in possession of the local clerics. Within a few decades, a few Capuchins from Enna were able repossess the Convent, and that has continued till the 21st century. The church underwent some restoration from 1923-1927. The stone facade is simple with a rectangular portal and a central oculus. The church has a single nave with lateral altars. One of the chapels houses the relics of Padre Simone Napoli. The others have icons for veneration. The Sacristy has a 17th century wooden tabernacle, and the library contains a collection of antique books, some as old as 1500. The main altarpiece, depicting an "Adoration of the Magi" is by Filippo Paladini. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024956 Cher Scarlett Cher Scarlett (born ) is an American software engineer. She is known for her workers' rights activism and organizing at Apple and other technology companies. She was a leader of the #AppleToo movement, which gathers and shares stories of mistreatment from current and former Apple employees. Career and activism. 2007-2015. In 2007, Scarlett began a web development position at a real-estate firm before becoming a freelance developer. In 2011, Scarlett was recruited as a web developer at "USA Today". Activision Blizzard (2015-2016). In 2015, Scarlett began a job as a software engineer at the Activision Blizzard video games studio, where she worked on their Battle.net platform. She says that her manager and she developed the games publisher's first interactive esports brackets and esports data API. Her manager told "The Washington Post" that she was an "incredibly driven" employee and "shows passion with every project she works on and she doesn't stop until she gets it right." She began to be more aware of sexism in the technology industry, and pressed the company's human resources department on gender-based pay discrimination she had observed. She left the company after a year, and later provided testimony to the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing, which filed a 2021 lawsuit alleging systemic discrimination, sexual harassment, and retaliation. Scarlett helped direct others who had allegedly been victims of sexual assault while at the company to a group of women who were joining to sue the company, and to state and federal agencies. Scarlett and others referred to the behavior described in the lawsuit as normalized at the company, Scarlett saying, "this behavior was normal and protected here". She outed the unnamed chief technology officer (CTO) from the lawsuit as Ben Kilgore in a series of tweets, claiming he had been the subject of numerous complaints about inappropriate behavior, some of which had also been reported to external authorities years earlier. This was later corroborated by "Bloomberg". Kilgore was terminated in 2018. Scarlett further spoke publicly about her own experiences with the company, highlighting what she alleged to be poor treatment of female employees through underpayment, sexual harassment, and abuse. Scarlett alleged that she was unfairly reprimanded, touched inappropriately at two separate work events, and sexually harassed on a regular basis. She spoke about what she said was improper handling of an incident from 2018 when she outed one of Overwatch League's unpaid moderators for previously hoarding and distributing revenge porn. The moderator was removed from his role without notice, and his public complaints about the company's treatment of volunteer workers went viral, gaining significant sympathy from the community. A few hours later, Scarlett wrote a Medium post about her history with the moderator, dating back to 2012 when Twitch was still a small community and she livestreamed World of Warcraft. The moderator initially denied the allegations, but later retracted his denial and apologized. Blizzard later dissolved community moderation teams, replacing them with an in-house moderation team. Scarlett criticized the culture of working in a "dream job" like Blizzard. She said that because of the sacrifices employees make to get there, "you ignore everything that's happening because you want to be there so badly" and "you stop seeing things that are bad as bad." 2016-2020. After leaving Blizzard in 2016, Scarlett worked at World Wide Technology until 2017, when she became a lead software engineer at Starbucks. While there, she joined a successful campaign to address gender-based pay disparities. After leaving in 2019, she wrote about what she alleged to be a practice at Starbucks of paying lower wages to workers in areas that were predominantly Black or had high proportions of underrepresented groups. In 2019, Scarlett began working for Webflow. She continued to write, primarily advocating for fair pay for members of underrepresented groups. Also in 2019, she became a maintainer for a website that advocates for healthy work-life balance in tech, 1x.engineer, a play on the heavily stereotyped idea of a "10x engineer". Apple (2020-2021). An Apple engineer referred Scarlett for a job on Apple's software security team, and she began working there in April 2020 as a principal software engineer. A year later, Apple hired Antonio Garcia Martinez, who had previously written in a book that women in the Bay Area were "soft and weak, cosseted and naive". After being approached by other employees who believed the hire was not aligned with Apple's stated principles on diversity and inclusion, Scarlett, along with other employees, wrote a letter to management, which spoke out against the hire and made a list of demands. The letter leaked and gained media attention. Garcia Martinez was fired shortly after the controversy. In mid-2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Apple began requiring most employees to return to working in the office several days a week. Scarlett helped to lead employees in organizing to be allowed to continue working remotely. Also in 2021, Scarlett began to believe, based on anecdotal evidence and data from a website called levels.fyi, that a wage gap existed at Apple. When employees tried to organize internal surveys to more widely gather pay data, Apple quashed them several times. Scarlett launched her own survey, outside of Apple, which gained over 2,000 submissions. On September 1, 2021, she filed a charge with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), alleging that Apple had violated the law in stopping employees from discussing their salaries. Scarlett and her colleagues' activism, particularly Scarlett's allegations that Apple had shut down pay equity surveys, prompted SOC Investment Group, Trillium Asset Management, and Service Employees International Union to introduce a shareholder proposal calling for a "civil-rights audit." Scarlett criticized the company saying, "Apple's behavior is not reflective of the mission and values they portray to their shareholders and the public," and tweeted Google charts she said showed "alarming" trends, alleging "white men have much more opportunities to advance within the company, and are more likely to be working in technical roles". Scarlett said she and her coworkers wanted "a third-party investigation into salary data, or an audit that [employees] have insight into." The proposal also cited diversity statistics, and alleged that the company's public philanthropy in racial justice is not reflected in the company's own workforce, writing, "It is unclear how Apple plans to address racial inequality in its workforce." Apple has stated publicly and internally that they examine compensation annually and ensure that they maintain pay equity. Scarlett, along with Janneke Parrish, was a leader of the #AppleToo movement. The group created a website and Medium page, on which they posted anonymous reports of mistreatment, including verbal and sexual abuse, retaliation, discrimination, poor working conditions, and unequal pay experienced by Apple employees and contractors. Scarlett has said that Apple's culture of loyalty and secrecy has discouraged employees from speaking out. In September 2021, Scarlett said the group had received over 600 stories from employees. In October, Parrish was fired by Apple. Scarlett requested medical leave in October 2021, saying that harassment from colleagues began to affect her mental health, including experiencing suicidal ideation. She said that while discussing her request for medical leave, Apple asked her to stop discussing the company publicly. She said the timing of the request led her to believe it was a condition of the leave, felt forced to comply, and was subsequently granted four weeks of paid time off instead of medical leave . Scarlett criticized the company, stating that they enabled the abuse she endured by not condemning the behavior internally or externally. She also referred to Apple's policies and practices as fostering a harmful culture that is "self-policing" and "cult-like", later alleging she was reported to Apple's security team by management for violating the NDA in their employment contracts. Scarlett described several incidents of harassment from colleagues at Apple, including a "nasty email" from a teammate she tried unsuccessfully to address with their manager, anonymous hateful messages on various platforms, obscene submissions to her compensation surveys, and an incident of doxing on the application Blind. On October 25, Scarlett filed a whistleblower complaint with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) over Apple's statements to the SEC in a no-action letter claiming that the company does not use non-disclosure agreements "in the context of harassment, discrimination, and other unlawful acts." Scarlett provided the SEC with a non-disclosure and non-disparagement clause that Apple had included as a part of a separation agreement, which she had refused to sign. In the SEC complaint, Scarlett said that Apple had tried to stipulate that she describe her choice to "leav[e] the company [as] being a personal decision, rather than fleeing a hostile work environment after attempting to exercise my rights and help others organize". Ashley Gjovik, a former program manager at Apple, also filed a complaint pertaining to Apple's no-action letter, saying she believed Apple had made false statements. Apple's no-action request was subsequently denied by the SEC. On November 17, 2021, after briefly returning to work while on paid leave, Scarlett announced she was voluntarily leaving Apple upon reaching a non-board settlement with the company and the NLRB, which included a severance of one year's pay. Scarlett agreed to request to withdraw the NLRB complaint under the condition that Apple make a "public, visible affirmation" that employees could freely discuss workplace conditions and salary. In December, Scarlett said that Apple had not made changes to the language of her settlement relating to continued workplace organizing, as had been requested by the NLRB, and that this had led the NLRB to reject her request to withdraw the complaint. She also said that Apple had not upheld their agreement with regards to the public statement, which she said had been stipulated to be in a "prominent and visible location". The company did post the affirmation, but removed it before employees returned to the office after the week they had been given off for Thanksgiving. As a result, she said she would not be making another request to withdraw the complaint. Scarlett received less than half a year's severance, and Apple sent her attorney a letter stating they would not be paying her attorneys, or making future payments to Scarlett, because she "repeatedly" breached her non-disclosure agreement. The letter also stated Apple was "preserving its right to seek liquidated damage for each separate breach", to which Scarlett highlighted her debt and said, "I don't have anything for them to take". 2021-present. After leaving Apple in November 2021, Scarlett began working for the nonprofit Seattle Cancer Care Alliance, which will merge with Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in early 2022. Legislation. In October 2021, Scarlett contacted Ifeoma Ozoma for advice on lobbying for legislation in her home state of Washington similar to the Silenced No More Act, a bill Ozoma worked on with California lawmakers that prevents employers from silencing whistleblowers. Scarlett contacted Senator Karen Keiser. Keiser's office confirmed in November 2021 that House Representative Liz Berry and she would both be sponsoring whistleblower protection legislation in the 2022 Washington State Legislature session. On January 18, 2022, Scarlett testified in support of the respective Washington House of Representatives' bill, HB 1795. Of her testimony, Scarlett said the legislation was needed to "eradicate abuses that fester in tech," but also in other industries, like Washington's agriculture industry, which is among the state's largest economy drivers. Testimony from the Deputy Director of Columbia Legal Services, Blanca Rodriguez, expanded how NDAs are used to coerce vulnerable farm laborers into silence. She provided similar testimony to the Washington State Senate for SB 5520. Personal life. Scarlett was born in Walla Walla, Washington, and grew up in Kirkland with her mother, who worked in construction, and that her father and step-father were mostly absent from her life. She said she grew up poor, coming from generational poverty in a family of farm laborers that settled in Eastern Washington descended from the Volga Germans. She attended Juanita High School in the early 2000s, and says she earned a nearly perfect score on the SAT. Scarlett was interested in science and video gaming, and says she wanted to be a scientist and go to space after being a junior astronaut and studying biotechnology while in school. She taught herself to code during middle school, creating a website for her guild in "EverQuest" and continued experimenting with web development on the blogging platform LiveJournal. Scarlett experienced sexual abuse at a young age, and when she was in high school began battling drug addiction, eventually dropping out and attempting to overdose. Prior to starting her career, Scarlett worked as a stripper, but says getting pregnant prompted her to change her life. , Scarlett resided in Kirkland with her child. She has Bipolar I disorder. Scarlett is active on Twitter, where she is known for her advocacy for marginalized groups. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69024997 Jim Robb (painter) James I. Robb, CM (born 1933) is a Canadian artist known for his paintings celebrating the life, culture and history of the Yukon. Early life. Robb was born in 1933 in Quebec City, Quebec, and moved to Montreal with his family when he was six years' old. In 1955, Robb moved to the Yukon, and currently resides in Whitehorse. Robb worked various jobs in the Yukon until eventually taking up painting. Career. Robb began his artistic career working with pastels and charcoal on raw moose hide, eventually finding his way to watercolour paintings and photography. Robb attempts to capture the folklore of the Yukon in his paintings, and is widely known for his rustic depictions of contemporary and historic Yukon landmarks and buildings. Robb's artistic style, known as "exaggerated truth", takes inspiration from Yukon's famous lopsided and leaning structures, particularly those found in Dawson City, which is best exemplified by his 2015 painting, "Kissing Buildings". Robb's work is widely featured in books, magazines and newspapers, with originals of his watercolours selling for thousands of dollars (CAD). Robb is also the author of "The Colourful Five Per Cent", the first volume of which was published in 1984. Each softcover volume contains an assortment of unique photographs, sketches, paintings and essays, and tells the stories of the Yukon's most extraordinary inhabitants. Honours. Robb was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal in 2002, and appointed a Member of the Order of Canada on October 30, 2003, in recognition of his artistic achievements. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025002 Ishida Castle is the remains of a castle structure in Goto, Nagasaki prefecture. Also well known as "Fukue castle ". Construction started in 1849 and were completed in 1863. The former Goto clan's residence and garden is in the ninomaru compound and its designated as a "National designation place of scenic beauty". Goto Tourism and Historical Materials Museum is on site. The castle was listed as one of the Continued 100 Fine Castles of Japan in 2017. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025045 Kevin Varas Jonnathan Kevin Varas Marcillo (born 26 May 1993) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Formed on Darfo Boario youth system, Varas made his senior debut for the first team in 2011-12 Serie D season. On 4 August 2020, he joined Serie C club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025054 Lorenza Bottner Lorenza Bottner (6 March 1959 - January 1994) was a transgender and disabled multidisciplinary visual artist. Born in Chile, she later moved to Germany following the amputation of both of her arms, where she studied and began a career in art. Using several art media, including performance pieces, she depicted social outcasts, and she portrayed Petra at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. She died of AIDS-related complications in Munich. Following her death, little of her art was publicly shown until "documenta" and Paul B. Preciado began showing her work from 2016 onward. Early life. Little is known about Lorenza Bottner's early life. She was born on 6 March 1959 in Punta Arenas, Chile, to parents of German descent. At the age of eight, both of her arms were amputated after receiving an electric shock from power lines. The Chilean children's magazine depicted her as an exemplar for other children: Despite losing her arms, the magazine said, she was able to use Christian language with others, persevere through her difficulties, and draw with a pencil in her mouth. Six years after her amputation, she moved with her parents to Lichtenau, Germany, for better health services. She refused to use prosthetics and had a series of surgeries beginning in 1973. Career. Bottner attended the Kassel School of Arts, and while there, began publicly identifying as a woman. Art school allowed her to begin a series of photographs, where she would wear makeup that modified the appearance of her face, following a comment from a professor that she was a "walking performance". She graduated from school in 1984 after completing a thesis called "Behindert!?"--literally meaning "Disabled?!"--which used historical and medical motifs of disability in its accompanying performance piece. She also studied art in New York. Over the course of her career, her art widely varied in style and form, ranging from drawings to paintings to performances. Describing her approach as "transition and not identity", the philosopher and art curator Paul B. Preciado says that while she used her feet and mouth to paint, the unique habitation of her body (transgender and disabled) allowed her to create an interdisciplinary movement, not only visual or performance. She depicted herself in art, as well as the armless "Venus de Milo" and what Preciado describes as "subaltern" persons: prostitutes in Europe, African Americans experiencing police violence in America, and lesbian and gay sexuality. In the work depicting herself, she is shown as both sexual and maternal, and as the art critic Prathap Nair says, this works to unsettle one's understanding of the gender binary. Similarly, "documenta" said her "dissident transgender body" allowed her to become "a living political sculpture, a sculptural manifesto". She explained in 1991 that the purpose of using armless statues, especially the "Venus de Milo", was to "show the beauty of a mutilated body . despite not having arms". In 1992, after making a series of connections in the artistic scene of Barcelona and joining the Disabled Artists Network, she portrayed the mascot Petra at that year's paralympic games held in the city. Her performances--where she handled artistic equipment between her toes--were displayed in cities throughout the world, such as in New York. Death and legacy. Bottner died of AIDS-related complications in Munich in January 1994. The Chilean writers Roberto Bolano and Pedro Lemebel wrote about Bottner in their novels "Estrella Distante" (1996) and "Loco Afan" (1996), respectively. Both of these writers used her life to advance a political theory of Chilean artistry. For her early life, Bolano indicated that while still in Chile, she held secret street performances to save money to leave for Germany, even though she had left with her parents at 14; for her adult life, he said that she attempted to commit suicide, even though such an attempt never took place. According to Latin American studies scholar Carl Fischer, Bolano's writing focused more on "what she failed at and hid" than "what she revealed", and he used her to demonstrate the types of people he thought were excluded from the Chilean literary canon. For Lemebel, Bottner served as one of his (chronicles) of LGBT life in the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet, able to resist heterosexism and militarism through her "unfolding" of gender expectations. She was a central character in scenes of Frank Garvey's film "Wall of Ashes" (2009), where she easily cleaned and refilled a pot using her feet. According to Fischer, Bottner saw carrying out normal actions (such as cleaning dishes) as her principal art form, since ones perception of her disability forced her to become a kind of exhibitionist in doing everyday tasks. She wished to "open people's eyes and show them how stupid it is to hide behind a bourgeois facade" through her life. In Michael Stahlberg's documentary "Lorenza" (1991), she orders cheese from a clerk, only for the camera to cut out when she is due to take them. For Fischer, this precisely demonstrates Bottner's artistic milieu: She exhibits "quotidian" actions, while also leaving some questions entirely unresolved. In 2016, "documenta" in Kassel, Germany, began a public showing of her art. From 2018 onward, Preciado held a series of events showcasing Bottner's work in locations such as La Virreina Centre de la Imatge in Barcelona and the Wurttembergischer Kunstverein in Stuttgart. The exhibitions of "documenta" and Preciado marked the first time much of her work had been publicly seen in decades. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025085 Kuznetsovskoye Kuznetsovskoye () is a rural locality (a selo) in Novogeorgiyevsky Selsoviet, Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 486 as of 2010. Geography. Kuznetsovskoye is located 22 km south of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Bondarenovskoye and Novogeorgiyevka are the nearest rural localities. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025092 Russia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2021 Russia participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2021 which took place on 19 December 2021, in Paris, France. The Russian broadcaster All-Russia State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company (VGTRK) was responsible for organising their entry for the contest. Background. Prior to the 2021 contest, Russia had participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 16 times since its debut in . Russia has won the contest twice: in with the song "" performed by the Tolmachevy Twins, and in with the song "Wings" performed by Polina Bogusevich. In the contest, Russia was represented by the song "My New Day" performed by Sofia Feskova. The song placed 10th in a field of 12 countries with 88 points. Before Junior Eurovision. Akademiya Eurovision 2021. The Russian broadcaster, VGTRK, announced on 20 January 2021 that they would be participating at the 2021 contest, taking place in Paris, France, on 19 December 2021. The national selection took place on 30 October 2021. Submissions for entrants were open between 20 January to 20 September, with the audition stage taking place in the Russian capital, Moscow on 30 September 2021 and featured 69 entries selected from a record of 600 received submissions. VGTRK announced on 14 October 2021 that a total of twelve artists would be competing in the national final. Final. The national selection final to select the entrant for Russia took place on 26 October 2021, and was televised later on 30 October. The winner was determined by a voting split of 50% jury members and 50% internet voting, which opened on 20 October and closed on 25 October. Tanya Mezhentseva won the national final with the song "Mon Ami". She previously represented Russia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with Denberel Oorzhak and their song "A Time for Us". "Mon Ami" was composed by Alexander Broshovyan, and lyricised by Danu Boian, Dmitriy Korochin and Tanya Mezhentseva. The jury consisted of three adult members: Manizha (2021 Russian Eurovision entrant), Yulia Savicheva (2004 Russian Eurovision entrant) and Ekaterina Orlova (Head of Delegation for Russia at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest), and two kids members: Ekaterina Maneshina and Valery Kuzakov. At Junior Eurovision. After the opening ceremony, which took place on 13 December 2021, it was announced that Russia would perform seventh on 19 December 2021, following Bulgaria and preceding Ireland. At the end of the contest, Russia received 124 points, placing 7th out of 19 participating countries. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025096 Lower South End (Charlotte neighborhood) Lower South End (LoSo) is a mixed-use development neighborhood of commercial, industrial, and residential in Charlotte, North Carolina. Located along South Tryon Street (NC 49), it is bounded by Woodlawn Road to the south, Bill Lee Freeway (I-77/US 21) to the west, Clanton Road to the north, and South Boulevard to the east. Formally known as York Road, the renaming of the neighborhood came from redevelopers and businesses that want to emulate the Charlotte neighborhoods of NoDa and South End. History. Originally known as York Road, it was named after the road "York Road" before Charlotte annexed the neighborhood in 1960, changing the name to "South Tryon Street". In 2009, The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery opened on Southside Drive (moving to Yancey Road in 2014); which was followed by other breweries and entertainment/restaurants to the area. By the Mid-2010s the name Lower South End (LoSo) began appearing as a place name for the area; the Charlotte Observer first mentions Lower South End in a 2016 article called "Is 'LoSo' the new Charlotte drinking district?" The name change sparked discussions about renaming neighborhoods with tacky and/or generic names, with some proposing to rename the area Charlotte Park, named after a sign that still stands from a drive-in movie theater that used to be in the area. Since then, several businesses have incorporated Lower South End or LoSo in their names; in 2019, a mixed-use development, spearheaded by Beacon Partners, began construction next to the Scaleybark station called LoSo Station. Transportation infrastructure. Mass transit. Scaleybark station, located at the intersection of South Boulevard and Whitton Street, is a stop along the Lynx Blue Line, operated by the Charlotte Area Transit System (CATS). The station includes a 315-space park and ride, located nearby on Dewitt Lane. CATS also operates the following bus routes that traverse through the neighborhood: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025098 Double Glacier Volcano Double Glacier Volcano is an extinct volcano poking up in Double Glacier. The exposed portion is about long and above the Double Glacier. Its elevation is . It was discovered about 1992. It is about southwest of Anchorage, Alaska. It is just north of Redoubt Volcano and between Redoubt and Mount Spurr in the Aleutian Range. Double Glacier Volcano lava dome complex of Pleistocene age forms a nunatak in Double Glacier. K-Ar dating of the complex indicates that it formed 627,000 to 887,000 years ago. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025101 Novogeorgiyevka, Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan Novogeorgiyevka () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Novogeorgiyevsky Selsoviet, Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,379 as of 2010. There are 19 streets. Geography. Novogeorgiyevka is located 20 km south of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Bondarenovskoye is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025112 Qorahsin Qorahsin () It is the land west of the Shebelle River, the name Qoraxsin means West or Galbeed in Somali, this Land is suitable for grazing and farming. The oral history of the elders says; that Gaalje'el originally lived on the east side of the River, in Hiran, a land that was not good for livestock especially Camels, the Gaalje'el community decided to move to Qorahsin which is a very good grazing land. At that time Qorahsin was inhabited by Maay clans such as Garre, Hubeer, ShanAleen and Begedi. Gaalje'el fought a series of battles against these clans and drove them out of the land of the Qorahsin, Among the clans they fought fiercely was the Garre clan, whose fighting had been raging for nearly five centuries. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025121 Novodmitriyevka, Republic of Dagestan Novodmitriyevka () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,293 as of 2010. There are 18 streets. Geography. Novodmitriyevka is located 7 km west of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tarumovka is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025131 Little Iskut River The Little Iskut River is a tributary of the Iskut River in the northwest part of the province of British Columbia, Canada, in Cassiar Land District. From its source at Little Ball Lake in Mount Edziza Provincial Park the Little Iskut River flows about , generally north to the vicinity of Mowdale Lake, then southeast and south to the Iskut River just below Cascade Falls. The Little Iskut River is part of the Stikine River drainage basin, as the Iskut River is a major tributary of the Stikine. The Little Iskut River's watershed covers , and its mean annual discharge is an estimated . The river's watershed's land cover is classified as 36.8% conifer forest, 27.9% barren, 17.3% shrubland, 10.3% herbaceous, and small amounts of other cover. The mouth of the Little Iskut River is located about southeast of Telegraph Creek, British Columbia, about south of Dease Lake, and about northeast of Wrangell, Alaska. The Little Iskut River is in the asserted traditional territory of the Tahltan First Nation and Iskut First Nation, of the Tahltan people. Geography. The Little Iskut River originates at Little Ball Lake just south of Kounugu Mountain. It flows northeast through the southern part of Mount Edziza Provincial Park, then north, forming the southeastern boundary of the park. It collects tributary streams flowing east from the Spectrum Range. Stewbomb Creek and its tributary Artifact Creek flow from Obsidian Ridge, Artifact Ridge, and high mountains including Yeda Peak and Kitsu Peak. Bourgeaux Creek and its tributary Gerlib Creek also flow east from the Spectrum Range, Artifact Ridge, and high peaks including Tadeda Peak and Armadillo Peak. Between Stewbomb Creek and Bourgeaux Creek the historic Yukon Telegraph Trail crosses the Little Iskut River, following Bourgeaux Creek over Raspberry Pass to Mess Creek, continuing north to Telegraph Creek on the Stikine River. After Bourgeaux Creek, near Mowdade Lake, the Little Iskut turns sharply to flow southeast. It empties into the Iskut River just downstream of Cascade Falls. The Little Iskut River is a major tributary of the Iskut River. About 5% of its watershed is glacier-covered. Much of the lower Little Iskut River is braided. Geology. During the Miocene epoch, a series of lava flows from the adjacent Mount Edziza volcanic complex travelled east into the Little Iskut River. Here, the flows formed a lava dam behind which water ponded to form Raspberry Lake. Water discharging from this prehistoric lake eventually cut through the eastern edge of this dam to create a new course for the Little Iskut River. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025136 Max Piepgrass Max Piepgrass (born April 7, 2004) is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Canadian Premier League club Cavalry FC. Career. Cavalry FC. In August 2020, Piepgrass was among six local-based players who were invited to train with Canadian Premier League club Cavalry FC prior to the team's departure for the Island Games in Prince Edward Island. The following year on August 2, 2021 Cavalry announced they had signed Piepgrass to a developmental deal. He made his professional debut for the club on August 11 against Pacific FC. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025138 Novoromanovka Novoromanovka () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,237 as of 2010. There are 10 streets. Geography. Novoromanovka is located 24 km southeast of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novogeorgiyevka is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025145 Matteo Lucenti Matteo Lucenti (born 4 August 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Born in Cremona, Lucenti started his career in Cremonese youth system, and made his first team and Serie C debut on 15 May 2011 against Sorrento. After one season on Cremonese, he played seven seasons in Serie D clubs. He joined to Pergolettese in 2018, and won the promotion to Serie C on his first year. Honours. Pergolettese 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025151 Piedras River (San Juan, Puerto Rico) The Piedras River, better known as Rio Piedras in Spanish, is a river of San Juan, Puerto Rico. The river gives its name to Rio Piedras, a former town and municipality, today a district of San Juan. Even if the Piedras River is considered a tributary of the Puerto Nuevo River, the hydrological basin it belongs to is often referred to as the Rio Piedras watershed and it is ecologically important for the San Juan Bay estuary and the metropolitan region. The river is fed by numerous creeks and streams which have their source in the barrios of Caimito and Cupey. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025156 Razdolye, Republic of Dagestan Razdolye () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tarumovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,146 as of 2010. There are 9 streets. Geography. Razdolye is located 15 km north of Tarumovka (the district's administrative centre) by road. Talovka is the nearest rural locality. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025193 Le Viet Lam Le Viet Lam is a Vietnamese businessman, entrepreneur, and property developer. He is the founder of Sun Group Vietnam. Biography. Le Viet Lam was born in 1969 in Hoang Quang commune, Hoang Hoa district, Thanh Hoa province. In 1987, after studying for a year at the Faculty of Textile Energy Engineering at Hanoi University of Science and Technology, he was sent to Russia to study and obtained a master's degree in 1992. In 1993, he and Pham Nhat Vuong, together with a group of young people, established the Barabarosha market. Later, Lam and Vuong founded Technocom company. Initially, the company sold instant noodles under the brand name Mivina. Technocom then became a market leader in dehydrated culinary products in Ukraine, before being sold to Nestle in 2009. While Vuong remained with Technocom for a while before returning to Vietnam to found Vingroup, Lam and a few partners soon left the company to establish Sun Group in 2007. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025204 A History of My Brief Body A History of My Brief Body is an autobiographical series of essays by Billy-Ray Belcourt, published July 14, 2020 by Penguin Canada. Reception. "A History of My Brief Body" received starred reviews from "Kirkus Reviews," and "Quill #amp; Quire", as well as positive reviews from "Rabble.ca," "Full Stop," "Cloud Literary", "The Washington Post," "The Rumpus," "Booklist", and "The Nerd Daily." "Kirkus Reviews", "CBC", "The Globe and Mail", and "Largehearted Boy" named the book one of the best of the year, and "Book Riot" and "The Globe and Mail" included it on other reading lists. The book also received the following accolades: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025235 Edward L. Sandlin Edward L. Sandlin (July 16, 1922 - November 13, 1992) was an American sound editor. He won two Primetime Emmy Awards and was nominated for six more in the category Outstanding Sound Editing for his work on the television programs "Mannix", "Police Story", "QB VII", "The Dark Secret of Harvest Home", "Knight Rider", "The Winds of War", "Wiseguy" and also the television film "Raid on Entebbe". Sandlin died in November 1992 of cancer in Woodland Hills, California, at the age of 70. He was buried in Pierce Brothers Valley Oaks Memorial Park. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025246 Randi Helseth Randi Helseth (February 9, 1905 - September 24, 1991) was a Norwegian singer. Helseth was born in Oslo. She made her debut in 1934 as a concert singer, and in 1938 as an opera singer. Helseth was associated with the National Theatre in Oslo, the National Theater in Bergen, and the Norwegian National Opera, and she performed as a soloist both in Norway and abroad, including the United States. She taught the soprano Solveig Kringlebotn. Helseth won the Norwegian Music Critics Award for 1949/1950. In May 2000, a bust of Helseth by Nina Sundbye was unveiled in As. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025257 1992 James Madison Dukes football team The 1992 James Madison Dukes football team was an American football team that represented James Madison University during the 1992 NCAA Division I-AA football season as an independent. In their second year under head coach Rip Scherer, the team compiled a 4-7 record. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025262 Jowen Lim Jowen Lim Si Wei is a wushu taolu athlete from Singapore. Career. Junior Career. Between 2010 and 2014 he made three appearances at the World Junior Wushu Championships and became a two-time world junior champion. He also competed twice at the Asian Junior Wushu Championships and is a one-time Asian junior champion. Senior Career. Lim competed in the 2016 Asian Wushu Championships in Taoyuan and was a silver medalist in daoshu and a bronze medalist in duilian. A year later, he competed in the 2017 Southeast Asian Games and was a double gold medalist. The same year, he competed in the 2017 World Wushu Championships and won the bronze medal in daoshu. A year later, he competed in the men's daoshu and gunshu combined event at the 2018 Asian Games and missed the bronze medal by 0.01. The following year, he was a double bronze medalist in daoshu and gunshu at the 2019 World Wushu Championships. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025288 Hung Thinh Land Hung Thinh Land is a real estate developer in Vietnam. Founded in 2002 by entrepreneur Nguyen Dinh Trung, it is a subsidiary of Hung Thinh Corporation. According to a report by Vietcombank Securities, from 2016 to the first half of 2020, the company accounted for 4% of the residential real estate market share in Vietnam, making it the 2nd largest real estate developer in Vietnam at that time. By the end of June 2020, statistics from Hanoi Stock Exchange showed that Hung Thinh Land's equity had reached a total of VND 6,084 billion. As of May 2021, the company is reported by VnExpress to own 4,500 hectares of land in Ho Chi Minh City and the neighboring provinces. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025292 Luca Villa Luca Villa (born 14 November 1999) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a left back for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Born in Segrate, Villa started his career in Monza and Renate youth system. He was promoted to Renate first team for the 2016-17 season. He joined Serie D club Pergolettese in 2017, and won the promotion in 2018-19 Serie D season. Villa was named the captain team in 2020, and played his 100 match for Pergolettese on 25 November 2020 against Pro Vercelli. Honours. Pergolettese 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025313 Doughnut (song) "Doughnut" is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Twice. It is the group's ninth Japanese maxi single, featuring three other tracks. It was pre-released for digital download and streaming on December 3, 2021, by Warner Music Japan. The single and its B-side, "Wonderful Day", were physically released on December 15 in Japan. Background. On October 15, 2021, shortly after the release of their first English single, "The Feels", and the announcement of their third Korean studio album (sixth overall), "", Twice's agency JYP Entertainment announced through a winter-themed teaser that the group will be releasing their ninth Japanese single, "Doughnut", on December 15. Promotion. To promote "Doughnut", Twice performed the song on the Japanese television show "Music Station". Credits and personnel. Credits adapted from Melon. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025320 Elizabeth Bray Allen Elizabeth Bray Allen also known as Elizabeth Bray Allen Smith Stith (ca. 1692-by 22 February 1774) operated a large plantation after the death of her first husband, Arthur Allen. After the death of her second husband, she operated both the Allen and Smith estates. She provided the direction and funds to establish a free school for poor boys and girls in Smithfield, Virginia. She was made a Virginia Women in History honoree in 2015 by the Library of Virginia. Early life. Elizabeth Bray, born about 1692, was the daughter of Mourning Burgh Pettus and James Bray, who were married about 1691. James Bray was from Wilmington Parish, James City County. He bought 1280 acres on the north side of the James River in James City County, which was known as "Utopia" and "Littletown". He had a brick house in Colonial Williamsburg in 1711. He also owned other property in James City County, York County, and New Kent County, Virginia. In 1688 and 1702, he was a member of the House of Burgesses. Her mother, Mourning Pettus, was the widow of Thomas Pettus of Littletown in York County. She grew up near Colonial Williamsburg and learned to read and write, which was unusual for girls at the time, whose education was generally limited to household skills and social graces. She had at least one sister, Angelica, and two brothers, one named Thomas. Her mother died January 6, 1711, and her father died November 25, 1725. Marriages. Elizabeth Bray married Arthur Allen on November 27, 1711, at her family's house in Williamsburg. Arthur owned a large plantation, with 23 enslaved workers on his two properties. His brick house in Surry County was known at Bacon's Castle in the early 19th century. They had three children, a daughter Katharine, who married Benjamin Cocke, son James, and another daughter who married James Bradby. In 1727, Arthur died intestate, with an estate of about PS900. Two years earlier, her father died. She then inherited town lots in Williamsburg and land in James City County. She sold the land, which added to her wealth. She and Arthur Smith entered into a marriage contract on February 17, 1729. Arthur Smith was an entrepreneur in Smithfield and a successful planter at the Isle of Wight County, Virginia. The intention was to protect the property she owned and inherited for herself and her children. The Smiths had a son. In 1743 their son died in a swimming accident. Her son, Arthur Allen, died in 1744, without having any children. Arthur Smith died in 1754. Between September 1761 and April 1763 she married a man with the surname Stith, his first name is unknown. There is no evidence of a marriage contract and Stith was no mentioned in her will in 1769, so he may have died before then. Estate management. Allen managed the Allen estate, including the house later called Bacon's Castle, after her husband's death. William Byrd II visited her house on February 28, 1728, as he headed toward the border of Virginia and North Carolia, which he was going to survey. He noted that she ran a well-ordered household and provided elegant entertainment. Byrd stated that she was a lady "who had copied Solomon's complete housewife exactly". After Arthur Smith died in 1754, she ran the Allen and Smith estates. Smithfield free school. In 1753, Allen established a PS140 trust fund for school in Smithfield, with instructions for the building and the right to name the school's trustees. The school taught poor girls and boys to read and write. Boys were also taught arithmetic. After three years of education, boys became apprentices to learn a trade or skill. Girls were similarly bound to a woman to learn how to run a household. The school operated until the American Revolutionary War, when there were no teachers available to teach the children. After the war, the school trustees allowed the masons to have the building. The building was initially a one-story building and a second story was added at some point. Death. Elizabeth Bray Allen likely died by February 22, 1774 at her house in Surry County. She wrote her will before 1769 and it was proved on February 22, 1774. She left money for the education of her grandchildren and godchildren. Personal property was left to her granddaughters. Smithfield School received PS120 and the residue of her estate. When she died, she had five enslaved workers. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025332 Margarete Mauthner Margarete Mauthner (born Margarete Alexander on July 7, 1863 in Berlin; died April 24, 1947 in Johannesburg) was a German art collector, patron, translator and author, persecuted by Nazis because of her Jewish origins. Her works were published by Bruno Cassirer. Personal Life. Coming from an upper middle-class family, she was educated first by a governess, then in a secondary school. She was married twice. With her first husband she had a daughter who died in 1946. Her second husband was Edmund Mauthner (1868-1909). Work as translator. Mautner translated monographs published by Bruno Cassirer as well as articles for Karl Scheffler's art magazine "Kunst und Kunstler". In 1917 she wrote her two-volume autobiography "Ruckblick", in which she traced the developments of the 19th century (the March Revolution, the founding of the Reich, the Grunderzeit, the crisis, the rise of the Jewish bourgeoisie). The Alexander/Mauthner family lived at Matthaikirchstrasse 1 in a house built in 1840, which was destroyed in World War II and is now the site of the Philharmonic Hall. Robert Musil called the building "The Enchanted House". Mauthner's manuscript of her autobiography, Ruckblick, was rediscovered by Musil biographer Karl Corino, and published in 2004 under the title "Das verzauberte Haus". It describes the interconnections between Mauthner, her brother, her cousin, Paul Cassirer (like his brother Bruno a publisher), and Musil. "Das verzauberte Haus" also plays a significant role in Musil (Die Versuchung der stillen Veronika, Die Schwarmer) and was also the title of a 1908 Musil work. Mauthner was instrumental in making Vincent van Gogh's art known in Germany, translating his letters. Among Mauthner's many translations since 1904 is "The Artful Art of Making Enemies" by the Anglo-American painter James McNeill Whistler, which deals with the libel trial of the art critic John Ruskin, which significantly shaped today's views on defamation and (in)freedoms of (art) criticism. Nazi persecution and emigration. During the Nazi era, Mauthner helped family members to escape by providing financial support for their emigration. She fled Germany in 1939, leaving her possessions behind. She emigrated to South Africa, where she died in 1947. Lawsuits for the restitution of artworks from the Mauthner collection. Mauthner's heirs filed lawsuits to attempt to recover Van Gogh paintings that Mauthner had owned before the Nazis came to power. In 2003 they filed a claim, Orkin v. Taylor, against the Hollywood movie star Elizabeth Taylor for Van Gogh's "View of the Hospice" and the "Chapel of Saint-Remy""." Elizabeth Taylor's father, Francis Lenn Taylor, who was an art dealer in partnership with dealer Howard Young of Young Galleries. Francis Taylor had acquired the painting in 1963. The case was dismissed because the court held that California's statute of limitations had expired. Taylor later sold "View of the Hospice" and the "Chapel of Saint-Remy" at auction for 12.2 million euros. Mauthner's heirs also filed a claim for the restitution of Van Gogh's drawing, "View of Les Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer," in the Oskar Reinhart collection "Am Romerholz", which is under the control of the Federal Office of Culture. They argued that Mauthner had sold under pressure of the threat she faced from Nazis. The Swiss government disagreed, saying that Reinhart had bought the work at a fair market price. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025346 2021 Guanaja fire On 2 October 2021, a large fire occurred in the town of El Cayo on a cay named Bonacca which is part of an island named Guanaja off the north coast of Honduras. The fire started around daybreak and spread quickly into businesses and homes. It forced hundreds of residents to evacuate and flee for safety. No-one was killed; four people were injured in the blaze and hospitalized. The cause of the fire is still unknown. Events. Start of the fire. The unexpected fire started around dawn and minutes after the blaze had sparked, it had already spread into structures, which were mostly made out of wood. During the blaze, people had raced into their homes to grab any of their belongings as quickly as possible and grab buckets full of water to keep the blaze from growing any further, although they struggled to bring it under control because they have no fire service on the island. Several videos of the fire show the inferno spreading quickly and people evacuating out the island by boat with all of their furniture and belongings. Emergency response. Hours later, while the fire was still burning, the Honduran Air Force kept dropping water on the blaze to douse the flames. After the fire was under control, police helped people gather what's left of their possessions. Humanitarian aid was provided for people mostly affected by the blaze that occurred during daybreak. Some shelters were put on the main island of Guanaja for residents who lost their homes. Aftermath. As a result, the fire destroyed over 200 homes and businesses and damaged 120 more. More than 400 people were displaced because of the inferno. There were no deaths reported and there were only 4 injuries. The cause of the fire is still under investigation. The fire was fully contained at around 11:00am (CST) on 3 October 2021. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025351 Mary Varnham Mary Varnham (born 1946) is a New Zealand writer and publisher. She was a Wellington City Councillor from 1998 to 2001. Biography. Varnham was raised in Paekakariki until she was 8 years old, when her family moved to Wellington. She attended Paekakariki School, Hataitai School, Wellington East Girls College and Woodford House. She studied a bachelor of arts degree majoring in English and political science at the University of Otago, graduating in 1969. From 1972 to 1978, she lived in New York City, where she worked as a writer, public relations consultant, and book publicist at Simon #amp; Schuster. After returning to New Zealand, she worked at National Business Review and Network Communications. In 1983, she joined the New Zealand Labour Party's parliamentary research unit and in 1984, she became a ministerial press secretary for Ann Hercus in David Lange's Labour Government. From 1998 to 2001, Varnham was a Wellington City Councillor. In 2003, Varnham established Awa Press, a publishing company focusing on non-fiction works by New Zealand and overseas writers. She edited Peter Adds' book "The Transit of Venus," which was shortlisted for the Montana New Zealand Book Awards in the Reference #amp; Anthology Category in 2008. Personal life. Varnham married Paul O'Regan, a solicitor, in 1986. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025355 G-Man at the Yard G-Man at the Yard is a 1946 thriller novel by the British writer Peter Cheyney. It is the final entry in the popular series of novels featuring the FBI agent Lemmy Caution. It was republished posthumously in 1953 following his death in 1951, now also including three short stories. Unlike many other novels by Cheyney it was never made into a film. Synopsis. Caution heads to London in pursuit of Esmeralda Vandellin, but finds he needs the assistance of Scotland Yard. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025365 Ivan-Arakhley Lake System Ivan-Arakhley Lake System () is a group of fresh water bodies in the Chita District, Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia. The villages of Arakhley, Tasei and Preobrazhenka are located near the lakes. The lakes are a tourist attraction and there are holiday cottages and resorts near them. They are located within the Ivano-Arakhley State Natural Landscape Reserve (Zakaznik), a protected area of regional significance created in 1995, covering an area of . Geography. The lakes lie at the southeastern end of the Vitim Plateau. As a group, they are also known as "Beklemishev Lakes" () since they stretch roughly from SW to NE for about along the Beklemishev Depression. "Chita Lakes" () is another alternative name, because the lakes lie very close to Chita, about to the west of the city. The lake system includes 6 large lakes with a water surface of more than : Arakhley, Shaksha, Irgen, Ivan, Tasei and Bolshoy Undugun. Arakhley is the largest of the group and is also the one having the greatest depth. Hydrography. The system includes 20 smaller lakes with surface areas of roughly or less. Lakes Ivan and Tasei belong to the Lena basin. Arakhley, Shaksha, Bolshoy Undugun and Irgen are separated from them by a slight elevation and belong to the Baikal basin through the Khilok river, a tributary of the Selenga. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025371 Aline A. Yamashita Aline A. Yamashita is a Guamanian educator and politician. Yamashita is a former Republican senator in the Guam Legislature from 2011 to 2015. Early life. Yamashita was born in Guam. Yamashita's father was Antonio C. Yamashita, an educator and former President of University of Guam. Yamashita's mother was Lorraine C. Yamashita, a professor at University of Guam. Yamashita has a sister Velma Yamashita. Education. In 1978, Yamashita earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in human services and early childhood education from Simmons College in Boston, Massachusetts. In 1981, Yamashita earned a Master of Education degree from University of Guam. In 1985, Yamashita earned a PhD in human development, with minors in education and early childhood education from Oregon State University. Career. Yamashita is a teacher. Yamashita is a former assistant professor at the University of Guam's College of Education and a former adjunct professor at the University of Portland. On November 2, 2010, Yamashita won the election and became a Republican senator in the Guam Legislature. Yamashita served her first term on January 3, 2011 in the 31st Guam Legislature. Yamashita was also a Assistant Minority Leader. On November 6, 2012, as an incumbent, Yamashita won the election and served her second term on January 7, 2013 in the 32nd Guam Legislature, until January 5, 2015. On November 4, 2014, as an incumbent, Yamashita lost the election for a seat as a senator in the Guam Legislature. Personal life. Yamashita has two sons. Yamashita lives in Tamuning, Guam. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025372 Diana DeMuth Diana DeMuth is an American singer-songwriter from Concord, Massachusetts. History. DeMuth was originally a contestant on the American singing competition show The X Factor in 2013. She decided to audition for the show on a whim during a layover while in Colorado. DeMuth made it to the round of 30 before exiting the competition. DeMuth released her first EP at the age of fourteen. DeMuth released her first album in 2015 titled "Albuquerque". DeMuth released her second full-length album, "The Doorway", in the summer of 2017. Looking to revitalize her career and having signed to Thirty Tigers in 2019, DeMuth released her first song in three years titled "Hotel Song". DeMuth released a new song in January 2020 titled "Rose of Nantucket". In April 2020, DeMuth released another new song titled "Steady Rolling". In mid-2021, DeMuth released her third full-length album titled "Misadventure". The album was produced by Simone Felice and David Baron. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025396 Ganopristidae Ganopristidae is an extinct family of cartilaginous fish from the Cretaceous belonging to the suborder Sclerorhynchoidei. While the name Sclerorhynchidae is often used for this family, it is a junior synonym of Ganopristidae. This family contains the genera "Libanopristis", "Micropristis", and "Sclerorhynchus". The type genus "Ganopristis" is considered to be a junior synonym of "Sclerorhynchus". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025419 National Reform Association (1844) The National Reform Association was an American radical reformist political organization, founded in 1844 by radicals George Henry Evans, Thomas Ainge Devyr, John Windt and others with the aim of lobbying Congress to pass a wide range of land reforms. The NRA campaigned with the slogan "Vote Yourself a Farm", and the organization managed to achieve a wave of 55,000 petitions from Americans calling on Congress to open up free public lands to homesteaders, which lead to the successful Homestead Act of 1862. In his 1846 pamphlet "Vote Yourself a Farm", George Henry Evans writes: After George's death in 1856, the NRA was then managed by his younger brother and Shaker Elder Frederick William Evans. The movement had a stronghold of support in the North-East, especially in the State of New York where large tracts of land were owned by the New Lebanon Shaker Society. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025428 Ministry of Finance (Maharashtra) The Ministry of Finance is a ministry of the Government of Maharashtra. It is responsible for preparing annual plans for the development of Maharashtra state. The Ministry is headed by a Cabinet level Minister. Ajit Pawar is Current Minister of Finance. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025446 Maren Grothe Maren Grothe (born 14 July 2001) is a Norwegian politician. She was elected deputy representative to the Storting from the constituency of Sor-Trondelag for the period 2021-2025, for the Centre Party, and replaces Ola Borten Moe while he is government minister. She is the youngest representative ever to meet regularly at the Storting. She hails from Holonda. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025467 Imperfect High Imperfect High is a 2021 drama film produced by Lifetime and starring Nia Sioux, Sherri Shepherd, Gabriel Darku and Ali Skovbye. The film premiered September 18, 2021 on Lifetime. The film is a sequel to the 2015 movie Perfect High starring Bella Thorne, Israel Broussard, Daniela Bobadilla and Ross Butler. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025505 Lafayette Rodrigues Pereira Lafayette Rodrigues Pereira (Queluz, 28 March 1834 - Rio de Janeiro 29 January 1917), was a Brazilian landowner, lawyer, journalist, diplomat and politician. He was governor of the provinces of Ceara (1864-65) and Maranhao (1865-66) and served as Prime Minister of Brazil from May 24, 1883 to June 6, 1884. Biography. He was born in the municipality currently known as Conselheiro Lafaiete, which was then called Queluz. He was the son of , baron of Pouso Alegre, and of Clara Lima Rodrigues, baroness of Pouso Alegre. He was the nephew of , Baron de Lamim. His family owned the historic . After completing his primary and secondary studies, he left for Sao Paulo, enrolling in the Faculty of Law in 1853. Lafayette was the best student in his class, which included Paulino Soares de Sousa, 1st Viscount of Uruguai. At the end of his studies, in 1857, at the age of twenty-three, he left for Ouro Preto, where he was public prosecutor. By the following year, he had already moved to Rio de Janeiro and started working at the law firms of and Augusto Teixeira de Freitas. Journalism. During his time in law and politics, he also founded, with Pedro Luis and Flavio Farnese, the newspaper "Atualidade" a newspaper in which he wrote articles from 1858 to 1860. This Rio title was distinguished by its political and literary content and for its strongly liberal positions. Later, he was also editor of the newspapers "Le Bresil", "A Opinion Liberal" (1866), "Diario do Povo" (1866) and "" (1870-1874). Republican sympathies and public office. On December 3, 1870, the , written by Quintino Bocaiuva was published in the first issue of "A Republica ". Lafayette was the editor and his name also appeared as one of the manifesto's most important signatories. Later, he claimed that he had not personally signed the manifesto, having only attended an initial meeting making plans to found the Republican Club. However, at this meeting, he was acclaimed secretary of the new association. In 1878, Lafayette accepted the post of Minister of Justice in the Sinimbu Cabinet. As he was known for his Republican sympathies, his contradictory attitude was criticized in the Senate and House. Lafayette defended himself by explaining the reasons why he accepted the appointment. In this political episode, as in other later ones, Lafayette's arguments showed him to be a formidable orator and master of irony. In 1879, the Minas Gerais electorate placed his name on the list of three names from which Emperor Pedro II was to choose a senator. Although Lafayette did not receive the most votes, the emperor chose him. Lafayette had "slipped up(wards)" as his political opponents said. President of the Council of Ministers. On May 24, 1883, at the invitation of the Emperor, Senator Lafayette assumed the position of President of the Council (Prime Minister) and Minister of Finance. The Lafayette cabinet lasted a year and twelve days. Its period of office and was dominated by the so-called . On 6 June 1884, the Lafayette cabinet was replaced by a new one led by Manuel Pinto de Sousa Dantas. Lafayette then began to serve Brazil in other roles: as a senator, state councilor, diplomat and, above all, a jurist and writer. Diplomatic activities. On 30 May 1885 Emperor Pedro II appointed him minister on a special mission to Chile, to serve as an arbitrator in the Italian, English and French claims arising from the War of the Pacific. Arriving in Santiago, he invited all the arbitrators to legally accept the basic procedural norms, drew up a basic regulation of evidence and managed to get all the competing nations to agree. According to "If you compare the work of the arbitral tribunals that operated in Chile with all the processes for debts and indemnities that were known in America, it can really be said that the process in Chile set a precedent and a legal basis of international importance. He [i.e. Pereira] was treated on the same level as a European power and his views, not always easy, were respected. This may seem normal these days, but it was a great triumph in 1882 and a very rare case in the continent's diplomatic history. The truly remarkable prestige and intelligence of the arbitrator Rodrigues Pereira contributed to this." In 1889, he was once again accredited as a minister on a special mission, together with Amaral Valente and Salvador de Mendonca, in the Brazilian delegation to the First International Conference of American States. He left this post on November 17, 1889 when he declined the renewal of his powers by the Provisional Government of the newly proclaimed Republic. For this reason he did not sign the final acts that established the International Union of American Republics. Last years. Because of his outstanding contribution to jurisprudence, he was elected in 1908 to occupy chair 23 of the Brazilian Academy of Letters, which had been previously occupied by Machado de Assis. His daughter, Corina Lafayette, married , who became an important Brazilian diplomat; and his daughter Sylvia married Gustavo de Sousa Bandeira, son of jurist and Academician . He died in 1917. His ashes were laid to rest next to the remains of his parents in the parish church of Nossa Senhora da Conceicao, Barao de Queluz square, in the center of Conselheiro Lafaiete, Minas Gerais. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025518 Adolf Maennchen Theodor Gustav Alwin Adolf Maennchen (7 September 1860, Rudolstadt - 30 March 1920, Dusseldorf) was a German landscape and genre painter. Life and work. He was born to Carl Maennchen, a Master tanner, and his wife, Emilie nee Guntsche. His younger brother, , also becane a painter. After serving an apprenticeship as a decorative painter, he spent his journeyman years wandering through Germany and Austria and plying his trade. During this extended period, he also spent some time at the (1878-1879), and took night classes at the teaching institute of the in Berlin (1880-1883). In 1883, he became a full-time student at the Berlin University of the Arts, which he attended until 1888. His instructors there included , Paul Thumann, Otto Knille and Eugen Bracht. He continued to work as a decorative painter while studying and, upon graduating, was able to make a study trip to Italy and North Africa. He travelled whenever possible; visiting Switzerland, the Netherlands and France. In Paris, he attended the Academie Julian, where he took lessons from Jules-Joseph Lefebvre and Tony Robert-Fleury. In 1896, he was awarded a small gold medal at the Grosse Berliner Kunstausstellung. He received another gold medal at the Exposition Universelle (1900), and held a major exhibition at the Glaspalast in 1901. From 1889 to 1893, he was a teacher at the Burg Giebichenstein University of Art and Design in Halle, then taught at the in Danzig until 1901. The following year, he was named a Professor and head of the drawing classes at the Kunstakademie Dusseldorf. He held those positions until 1918. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025527 I'll Say She Does I'll Say She Does is a 1945 thriller novel by the British writer Peter Cheyney. It is the tenth in his series of novels featuring the FBI agent Lemmy Caution. Later editions of the book are generally titled I'll Say She Does! Synopsis. In the wake of the Second World War, Caution is in Paris on the trail of some missing State Department files. His hunt soon takes him to Britain. Adaptation. In 1960 it was made into the French film "Women Are Like That" directed by Bernard Borderie and starring Eddie Constantine, Francoise Brion and Alfred Adam. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025530 Shame on Me (memoir) Shame on Me: An Anatomy of Race and Belonging is a collection of autobiographical essays, written by Tessa McWatt and published March 24, 2020 by Random House Canada. Reception. "Shame on Me" received a starred review from "Quill #amp; Quire," as well as positive reviews from "Caribbean Collective Magazine," "Medium", "CBC Books," and "The Guardian." "CBC" named it one of the top nonfiction books of 2020. The book also received the following accolades: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025532 Malagasy Mother-of-Pearl Butterfly Protogoniomorpha duprei, the Malagasy mother-of-pearl, is a species of butterfly-footed butterfly endemic to the island state of Madagascar. Description. With a wingspan nearing 7 centimetres, "Protogoniomorpha duprei" is a medium sized butterfly. Threats. Being an inhabitant of forests, this uncommon insect is affected by habitat loss due to logging and land conversion for agriculture. This is the leading cause of its population decline. It is estimated that the population has declined by 20-30% within the last decade. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025596 Charles Lux Charles Lux (December 28, 1823 - March 15, 1887) was a businessman-rancher and (with his partner Henry Miller) one of the largest landowners in California. Biography. Lux was born to Nicolas Lux and Marie Anne (Linck) in the commune of Hatten, in Alsace on the Rhine between Strasbourg and Karlsruhe. While yet a boy, he emigrated to New York City, where he found employment as a delivery boy for a retail butcher in Fulton Market. He eventually became a butchers' helper, making six dollars per month. He left New York for San Francisco in 1849; by 1853 he had opened his own S.F. retail butcher shop at 931 Washington Street. In 1856, he bought 1,500 acres of land south of San Bruno Mountain from the children of Jose Antonio Sanchez (a former alcalde of San Francisco), on which he established both a feedlot to supply his business and a large home (one of the first Peninsula 'mansions') which he named Baden after the grand dutchy across the Rhine from his birthplace. The Baden development was serviced by the San Francisco and San Jose Railroad (later incorporated into the Southern Pacific) when it ran its lines south of San Francisco in 1863, and later formed a nucleus of the city of South San Francisco. The success of the wholesale feedlot enterprise soon overshadowed his retail business, and Lux soon became interested in acquiring that business' suppliers. Much of California's best farming and ranching lands was entitled by Spanish and Mexican land-grants, particularly the 800+ grants signed (and back-dated) by Mexican Governor Pio Pico in 1846. At the same time, the Panic of 1857 and President Buchanan's monetary remedies deprived the Western states of capital for investmentSan Francisco, however, continued growing (from 24,000 in 1850 to 56,000 in 1860 and 155,000 in 1870) - financed by the gold-mining industry and (after 1857) the silver from the Comstock Lode. Growth and financial surfeit meant that the Lux businesses were cash-rich at a time when many hopeful ranchers lacked access to credit in turn, this enabled Lux to begin buying large tracts from California land-grants. Miller #amp; Lux. In 1862, Lux formed a partnership with fellow-butcher Henry Miller under the name of Miller #amp; Lux. Beginning as cattle dealers and wholesale butchers, the firm continued to invest in ranching properties, at one point owning more than 2,200 square miles of Western land. Eventually, their expanding cattle empire collided with the interests of land-developers; in 1879 this led to the historic "Lux v. Haggin" water-rights case. In 1870, Lux moved to South Park in downtown Los Angeles, from which he supervised many of the activities of Miller #amp; Lux, although he often visited his Baden estate. Family Life. Lux married the widow of a miner, Miranda Potter (nee Sheldon) during his San Francisco residency. She was active in charities, including the establishment of the German Hospital, and funding a number of educational institutions. She and her husband were instrumental in establishing the Golden Gate Park Conservatory. Lux died of pneumonia in Los Angeles in 1887; he was survived by his wife and step-son, a brother in San Jose, California and a brother and sister in Hatten. He is entombed in the Mountain View Cemetery in Oakland, California. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025632 Gary Paulsen bibliography This is a list of works by Gary Paulsen (May 17, 1939 - October 13, 2021), an American writer of children's and young adult fiction. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025650 Tetratheca halmaturina Tetratheca halmaturina, also known as curly pink-bells, is a species of plant in the quandong family that is endemic to Australia. Description. The species grows as a compact shrub, usually to 20 cm (sometimes up to 50 cm) in height. The oval to rhomboidal leaves are 2-4 mm long and are often reduced to triangular scales on the upper branches. The dark pink flowers each have five 8-13 mm long petals, appearing from July to December. Distribution and habitat. The species is endemic to Kangaroo Island, South Australia, where it is found mainly in the northern and western parts of the island in shrubland. References. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025657 Auto Union Grand Prix racing engine Auto Union, a German automobile manufacturer, made a series of pre-war supercharged Grand Prix racing engines for their Auto Union racing cars; between 1934 and 1939. Overview. Of the four Auto Union racing cars; the Types A, B, and C, which were used from 1934 to 1937, had supercharged V16 engines, and the final car, the Type D used in 1938 and 1939 (built to new 1938 regulations), had a supercharged 3L V12 that developed almost 550 horsepower. The rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive layout was unusual at the time. From front to rear the layout comprised radiator, driver, fuel tank, and engine. The layout would return to Grand Prix racing in the late 1950s by British manufacturer Cooper Car Company. The problem with the early mid-engined design was the stiffness of the contemporary ladder chassis and suspension. The car's turning angle changed as the momentum of the centrally mounted engine increased on the chassis, causing oversteer. All Auto Unions had independent suspension, with parallel trailing arms and torsion bars at the front. At the rear, Porsche tried to counter the tendency to oversteer by using a then-advanced swing axle suspension on the early cars. On the later Type D, rear suspension was a de Dion system, following the lead of Mercedes-Benz, but the supercharged engines eventually produced almost 550 horsepower. The original Porsche-designed V16 was modified as a V12 when in 1938 the Grand Prix regulations set a limit of 3 litres on supercharged engines. Originally designed as a 6-litre, the first Auto Union engines displaced 4,360 cc and developed . They had two cylinder blocks, inclined at an angle of 45 degrees, with a single overhead camshaft to operate all 32 valves. The intake valves in the hemispherical cylinder heads were connected to the camshaft by rocker arms, while for the exhaust valves the rocker arms were connected to the camshaft by pushrods that passed through tubes situated above the spark plugs; thus the engine had three valve covers. The engine provided optimum torque at low engine speeds, and Bernd Rosemeyer later drove an Auto Union around the Nurburgring in a single gear to prove the engine's flexibility. The chassis tubes originally piped coolant from the radiator to the engine, but this was eventually abandoned owing to leaks. Auto Union used a clockwork mechanism and a paper disc to record data such as engine revs while the car was being tested, allowing the engineers to study the collected data at a later date. It was found that additional work was needed on the car's cornering behaviour, as accelerating out of a corner would cause the inside rear wheel to spin furiously. This was much abated by the use of a Porsche innovation, limited slip differential, manufactured by ZF, which was introduced at the end of the 1935 season. Co-operation between Porsche and Auto Union continued through the Types A, B, and C, until the formula ended in 1937, as engineering developments had resulted in engines producing great horsepower in lightweight vehicles, and hence high speeds and excessive accidents. Dr. Ing. Robert Eberan von Eberhorst was responsible for the new Type D engine, and was also restricted capacity to 3 litres with a supercharger, or 4.5 litres without. The Type D employed a 12-cylinder engine, while the Hillclimb versions, where the capacity limit was not enforced, used a different gearbox and final drive to retain the 16-cylinder engine of the Type C. In 1935, the engine had been enlarged to five litres displacement, producing . For 1936, the engine had grown to the full 6 litres, and was now producing ; and reaching in the hands of Rosemeyer and his teammates, the Auto Union Type C and its engine dominated the racing world. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025670 Balanced number partitioning Balanced number partitioning is a variant of multiway number partitioning in which there are constraints on the number of items allocated to each set. The input to the problem is a set of "n" items of different sizes, and two integers "m, k". The output is a partition of the items into "m" subsets, such that the number of items in each subset is at most "k". Subject to this, it is required that the sums of sizes in the "m" subsets are as similar as possible. An example application is identical-machines scheduling where each machine has a job-queue that can hold at most "k" jobs. The problem has applications also in manufacturing of VLSI chips, and in assigning tools to machines in flexible manufacturing systems. In the standard three-field notation for optimal job scheduling problems, the problem of minimizing the largest sum is sometimes deonted by " P | #<=k | formula_1". The middle field "#<=k" denotes that the number of jobs in each machine should be at most "k". This is in contrast to the unconstrained version, which is denoted by " P||formula_1". Two-way balanced partitioning. A common special case called two-way balanced partitioning is when there should be two subsets ("m"=2). The two subsets should contain floor("n"/2) and ceiling("n"/2) items. It is a variant of the partition problem. It is NP-hard to decide whether there exists a partition in which the sums in the two subsets are equal; see problem [SP12]. There are many algorithms that aim to find a balanced partition in which the sum is as nearly-equal as possible. Balanced triplet partitioning. Another special case called 3-partitioning is when the number of items in each subset should be at most 3 ("k"=3). Deciding whether there exists such a partition with equal sums is exactly the 3-partition problem, which is known to be strongly NP-hard. There are approximation algorithms that aim to find a partition in which the sum is as nearly-equal as possible. Balanced partitioning with larger cardinalities. A more general case, called "k"-partitioning, is when the number of items in each subset should be at most "k", where "k" can be any positive integer. Relations between balanced and unconstrained problems. There are some general relations between approximations to the balanced partition problem and the standard (unconstrained) partition problem. Different cardinality constraints. The cardinality constraints can be generalized by allowing a different constraint on each subset. This variant is introduced in the "open problems" section of, who call the "ki"-partitioning problem. He, Tan, Zhu and Yao present an algorithm called HARMONIC2 for maximizing the smallest sum with different cardinality constraints. They prove that its worst-case ratio is at least formula_30. Categorized cardinality constraints. Another generalization of cardinality constraints is as follows. The input items are partitioned into "k" categories. For each category "h", there is a capacity constraint "kh". Each of the "m" subsets may contain at most "kh" items from category "h". In other words: all "m" subsets should be independent set of a particular partition matroid. Two special cases of this problem have been studied. Kernel partitioning. In the "kernel balanced-partitioning problem", some "m" pre-specified items are "kernels", and each of the "m" subsets must contain a single kernel (and an unlimited number of non-kernels). Here, there are two categories: the kernel category with capacity 1, and the non-kernel category with unlimited capacity. One-per-category partitioning. In another variant of this problem, there are some "k" categories of size "m", and each subset should contain exactly one item from each category. That is, "kh" =1 for each category "h". See also. Matroid-constrained number partitioning is a generalization in which a fixed matroid is given as a parameter, and each of the "m" subsets should be an independent set or a base of this matroid. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025695 2020 KDI Office Technology 200 The 2020 KDI Office Technology 200 was the 13th stock car race of the 2020 NASCAR Gander RV #amp; Outdoors Truck Series season and the 21st iteration of the event. The race was originally to be held on May 1, 2020 but was postponed to August 21, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The race was held in Dover, Delaware at Dover International Speedway, a permanent oval-shaped racetrack. The race took the scheduled 200 laps to complete. At race's end, Zane Smith of GMS Racing would win the race after pulling away on a late race restart, the second of his career and the second of the season. To fill the podium, Matt Crafton of ThorSport Racing and Brett Moffitt of GMS Racing would finish second and third, respectively. Background. Dover International Speedway (formerly Dover Downs International Speedway) is a race track in Dover, Delaware, United States. Since opening in 1969, it has held at least two NASCAR races. In addition to NASCAR, the track also hosted USAC and the Verizon IndyCar Series. The track features one layout, a 1 mile (1.6 km) concrete oval, with 24deg banking in the turns and 9deg banking on the straights. The speedway was owned and operated by Dover Motorsports. The track, nicknamed "The Monster Mile", was built in 1969 by Melvin Joseph of Melvin L. Joseph Construction Company, Inc., with an asphalt surface, but was replaced with concrete in 1995. Six years later in 2001, the track's capacity moved to 135,000 seats, making the track have the largest capacity of sports venue in the mid-Atlantic. In 2002, the name changed to Dover International Speedway from Dover Downs International Speedway after Dover Downs Gaming and Entertainment split, making Dover Motorsports. From 2007 to 2009, the speedway worked on an improvement project called "The Monster Makeover", which expanded facilities at the track and beautified the track. After the 2014 season, the track's capacity was reduced to 95,500 seats. Starting lineup. The starting lineup was based on a metric qualifying system based on the previous race, the 2020 Sunoco 159 and owner's points. As a result, Brett Moffitt of GMS Racing would win the pole. Race results. Stage 1 Laps: 45 Stage 2 Laps: 45 Stage 3 Laps: 110 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025727 Boboratsi Boboratsi (Bulgarian: Boboratsi, ) is a village in western Bulgaria. Its located in Oblast Pernik, Obshtina Radomir. Geography. Boboratsi is located in the Radomir valley along the Struma River, between the Konyavska valley, the Golotlovo heights, Golo bardo, Verila and Cherna gora. The average altitude is 600 - 660 m, the climate is moderately continental. It is drained by the river Struma and the river Blato (Arkata). The soils are chernozem-resinous and alluvial-meadow. There are favorable conditions for growing cereals, flax, fruits and livestock. The valley crosses at the eastern end of the railway line and the Sofia-Athens road. History. At the outbreak of the Balkan War, a man from Boboratsi was a volunteer in the Macedonian-Adrianopolitan corps. Cultural and natural landmarks. In the village there is a church "St. Petka", which dates back to the time when the village was established. There was also a school some time ago, but only the ruined building remains. In the center of the village there is a monument to those killed in the war. Boboratsi is also known as one of the world's stork nests. After the drainage of the swamp, the population of frogs and storks decreases, because their natural source of food is very limited. Events. Every year on Petkov Day a fair is organized. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025728 Bernat Guiu Bernat Guiu Vilanova (born 20 September 2000) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Born in Falset, Guiu started his career in Gimnastic de Tarragona youth system, and farm team Pobla de Mafumet, on Tercera Division. He made his debut for Tarragona and Segunda Division B on 2 February 2020 against Ebro. On 4 July 2021, he left the club. On 29 July 2021, he joined Italian Serie C club Pergolettese. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025781 Montrose oil field The Montrose oil field is a significant crude oil producing field in the UK sector of the central North Sea, 210 km east of Aberdeen. Production of oil started in 1976 and a major upgrade in 2016 extended the field life to beyond 2030. The field. The Montrose oil field is located in Blocks 22/17 and 22/18 of the UK North Sea. It is named after the Scottish east coast town of Montrose. The field was discovered in November 1971 and is a Palaeocene sandstone at a depth of 8,000 feet (2,438 m). The reservoir has the following characteristics: Owners and operators. The field was originally licensed to a joint venture comprising Amoco UK Petroleum Limited (30.77%), Enterprise Oil plc (30.77%), Amerada Hess Exploration Ltd (23.00%), and Texas Eastern (UK) Ltd (15.38%). The field was originally operated by Amoco (UK) Exploration Company. Ownership of the Montrose field passed from Amoco to BP to Paladin Resources, until Talisman Energy took over, then in 2012 Talisman formed a joint venture with Chinese oil company Sinopec. Development. The field was developed by a single integrated production platform Montrose Alpha (or Montrose A). Oil was initially exported through a pair of CALM buoys located 1.7 km from the platform. In 1982 a 48 km 14-inch oil pipeline from Montrose to Forties Charlie was commissioned which provided an oil export route. Production. The original processing plant on Montrose A had a nominal capacity of 60,000 barrels of oil per day. Water injection was 55,000 barrels per day. There were 16 production wellheads, and 4 water injection wells. The production of oil (in 1000s barrels) was:#lt;graph#gt;{ "version": 2, "width": 400, "height": 200, "data": [ "name": "table", "values": [ "x": 1976, "y": 870 { "x": 1977, "y": 6216 { "x": 1978, "y": 8966 { "x": 1979, "y": 10216 { "x": 1980, "y": 8959 { "x": 1981, "y": 6497 { "x": 1982, "y": 5719 ] ], "scales": [ "name": "x", "type": "ordinal", "range": "width", "zero": false, "domain": { "data": "table", "field": "x" }, "name": "y", "type": "linear", "range": "height", "nice": true, "domain": { "data": "table", "field": "y" "axes": [ "type": "x", "scale": "x" { "type": "y", "scale": "y" ], "marks": [ "type": "rect", "from": { "data": "table" "properties": { "enter": { "x": { "scale": "x", "field": "x" "y": { "scale": "y", "field": "y" "y2": { "scale": "y", "value": 0 "fill": { "value": "steelblue" "width": { "scale": "x", "band": "true", "offset": -1 }#lt;/graph#gt;There were two Catenary Anchor Leg Mooring (CALM) buoys in 91 metres of water. They were used from 1976 to 1984 to load tankers. They were decommissioned in 1984 when the 48 km 14-inch oil export line from Montrose to Forties Charlie was commissioned. Montrose was a 'stranded asset' with no nearby export route for gas, the gas was therefore flared. A horizontal 455 feet (139 m) long flare bridge was installed between the platform and the flare (57.451336N 1.390825E). The bridge was supported by a tripod jacket. Redevelopment. In 1990, Amoco modified the Montrose A processing equipment to receive oil from the then new Arbroath field integrated drilling and production platform. The discovery of the Wood oil field entailed the installation of the Wood and Gas Export (WaGE) processing and compression module on Montrose A and a new 6-inch pipeline delivered gas into the CATS offshore pipeline on Arbroath. Three new fields - Godwin, Cayley and Shaw - were discovered in the Montrose area. Additional process facilities were required to develop these fields. Details of the field were as follows: A new platform was installed adjacent to Montrose A in 2016. This was known as the bridge-linked platform and provided additional process and plant support facilities. Production increased to 40,000 boe (barrels of oil equivalent) per day. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025813 Mattia Morello Mattia Morello (born 21 July 1999) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a winger for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Born in Treviglio, Morello started his career in Pergolettese youth system, and was promoted to the first team in 2017. He was part of the promotion to Serie C in 2019. Honours. Pergolettese 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025843 May Britt Lagesen May Britt Lagesen (born 18 February 1971) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. From 2021 she meets regularly at the Storting while Ingvild Kjerkol is government ministe. Career. Lagesen was elected deputy representative to the Storting from the constituency of Nord-Trondelag for the periods 2013-2017, 2017-2021 and 2021-2025, for the Labour Party. She replaces Ingvild Kjerkol in the Storting from 2021 while Kjerkol is government minister. She has previously been deputy mayor in Steinkjer and in Nord-Trondelag. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025879 Good Morning (duo) Good Morning is an Australian indie rock duo from Melbourne, Australia. History. The group began in 2014 with the release of their debut EP, "Shawcross". In January 2016, the duo released their second EP titled "Glory". Good Morning released their debut studio album in March 2018. In 2019, Good Morning released two EPs, "The Option" and "Basketball Breakups". In 2021, the duo announced they had signed with Illinois-based record label Polyvinyl Records along with their second full-length album titled "Barnyard". The album was released on 22 October 2021. In addition to signing with Polyvinyl, the duo also signed a publishing deal with Sub Pop. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025885 Matteo Soncin Matteo Soncin (born 28 March 2001) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932. Club career. Born in Adria, Soncin started his career on AC Milan youth system. After five years in the club, on 15 August 2020 he left AC Milan and joined Serie C club Pergolettese. Soncin made his Pergolettese and Professional debut on 7 April 2021 against Renate. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025888 Mediterranean sand tiger shark The Mediterranean sand tiger shark ("Carcharias taurus europaeus"), was a population of sand tiger shark that inhabited the Mediterranean Sea. Over a period of 200 years, 31 occurrence records and 54 publications provided information on the presence of the species in the area. These records were sparse but systematic over time and indicated occurrence hot spots in the southwestern Mediterranean Sea and in the eastern Adriatic Sea. Additionally, 18 juveniles were recorded. With a population estimated to be less than 200 individuals in the year 2001 combined with the declining population and extremely low birth rate this shark population is presumed extinct. The nearly 50 sightings are difficult to confirm as to whether they were of the sand tiger shark, or if they were misidentifications of the related smalltooth sand tiger shark ("Odontaspis ferox"). The last confirmed record from the Mediterranean Sea was a specimen caught in 2003. Having not been seen in almost two decades, the species is presumed extinct. The genetics of the already endangered species as a whole are poorly studied, however during a recent effort results suggested a genetic relationship between Mediterranean sand tiger sharks and those from the Western Indian Ocean ("Carcharias taurus tricuspidatus"). It is hypothesized that during the Pleistocene the cold Benguela upwelling barrier was temporarily reduced allowing the passage of "C. taurus" individuals from the Indian to Atlantic Ocean. Some individuals were trapped in the Atlantic Ocean and probably migrated northward colonizing the Western African coasts and the Mediterranean Sea. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025909 Verbascum pulverulentum Verbascum pulverulentum, the hoary mullein or broad-leaf mullein, is a species of flowering plant in the family Scrophulariaceae. It is native to central and southern Europe, and has been introduced to Austria, Madeira, and Washington state in the US. It is a specialist on coastal shingle, and so is preadapted to human-influenced habitats such as old quarries and gravel pits, road verges, railway embankments, and similar disturbed stony ground. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025925 2021-22 Western Michigan Broncos men's basketball team The 2021-22 Western Michigan Broncos men's basketball team represent Western Michigan University in the 2021-22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Broncos, led by second-year head coach Clayton Bates, play their home games at University Arena in Kalamazoo, Michigan as members of the Mid-American Conference. Previous season. In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Broncos finished the 2020-21 season 5-16, 4-12 in MAC play to finish in ninth place. As a result, they failed to qualify for the MAC Tournament. Offseason. Incoming Transfers. On April 28, 2021, the NCAA officially adopted a measure that would allow athletes in all sports to transfer once without sitting out a season beginning with the 2021-22 season. Schedule and results. !colspan=9 style=|Exhibition !colspan=9 style=|Non-conference regular season !colspan=9 style=|MAC regular season Sources 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025959 VC Slivnishki geroi (Slivnitsa) VC Slivnishki Geroy (Slivnitsa) is a volleyball club from the town of Slivnitsa, Bulgaria, established in 2015 with the president of the club being the former volleyball player and national coach of Bulgaria Martin Stoev. Participant in the elite volleyball Bulgarian Volleyball Efbet Super League. In the 2020/2021 Season, the team competes in the Bulgarian Volleyball League Zone A, after winning the Northwest Zone Group in the 2016/2017 Season, which entitles it to participate in a higher group. The coach of the team is Martin Stoev and the captain is Eric Stoev. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025969 Metafruticicola Metafruticicola is a genus of gastropods belonging to the family Hygromiidae. The species of this genus are found in Mediterranean regions. Species: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025978 Jerome Hardeman Sneed Jerome Hardeman Sneed (February 25, 1864 - March 26, 1950) was an American politician from Texas. Sneed was born in Collin County on February 25, 1864, and worked as a merchant and teacher. He lived in McKinney, and was elected to the Texas House of Representatives to represent his home county, a part of District 41, in a February 1918 special election to replace Woodville J. Rogers Jr. Sneed was subsequently elected to two consecutive full terms, and left office in January 1923. During his two full terms, Sneed was listed as a Democrat. He died in Dallas on March 26, 1950. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025987 Bello Bako Dambatta Bello Bako Dambatta (born 15 December 1950 in Kano, Kano State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian chemist and university administrator. He served as the vice-chancellor of Bayero University, Kano from 1995 until 1999. Education and career. Dambatta was born on 15 December 1950 in the city of Kano, Nigeria. He began his higher education at Kaduna Polytechnic (1970-72), then moved to England, where he attended Huddersfield Polytechnic (1972-74), Trent Polytechnic (1974-75), the University of Bradford (1975-76), and Lancaster University (1980-83). He completed his PhD at Lancaster University, with a thesis titled "A study of the free-radical polymerisations of tri-n-butyltin methacrylate and i-vinylimidazole". He was appointed as a lecturer at Bayero University, Kano in 1978, and was promoted, reaching full professor in 1994. He served as the head of the Department of Chemistry from 1991 until 1995, and was dean of the Faculty of Science from 1992 until 1995. He was vice-chancellor of Bayero University from 1995 to 1999, and was the first to be selected by the faculty of the university (previous vice-chancellors had been appointed centrally by the government). Dambatta became a fellow of the Chemical Society of Nigeria in August 1996. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69025995 Harris House, Toowoomba Harris House is a heritage-listed house at 1 Clifford Street, Toowoomba City, Toowoomba, Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1912 to 1946 by Montague Ivory. It is also known as Cliffordene. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 26 July 2019. History. Harris House, a substantial Federation-era masonry residence, located at 1 Clifford Street in the regional city of Toowoomba, was constructed , probably by its owner, Toowoomba building contractor Montague Ivory. It is important in demonstrating the development of Toowoomba as the principal urban centre of the Darling Downs region in the 20th century. Harris House also demonstrates the principal characteristics of a substantial early 20th century suburban villa residence and of Federation-era domestic architecture, and has aesthetic significance for its beautiful attributes, picturesque qualities and streetscape contribution. European settlement of the Toowoomba area, traditional country of the Giabal and Jarowair people, commenced in 1840 when squatters occupied pastoral runs on the Darling Downs. The small settlement of Drayton evolved from 1842, but was soon surpassed by a more desirable location six kilometres to the northeast, known as Toowoomba from the 1850s. Better suited to market gardening, with a more reliable water supply, and supported by squatters and land speculators, Toowoomba was incorporated as a municipality (Borough of Toowoomba) in 1860. Its rapid economic and social development was influenced by local residents who strongly promoted the prospects of the town, and political representatives who successfully lobbied for government funding for civic improvements. Toowoomba expanded rapidly from the late 1860s, becoming the main urban centre of the Darling Downs by 1888. The arrival of the Main Line railway in 1867 secured the town's development and subsequently made it the hub for the Southern and Western railways. The Selection Act 1868 brought selectors to the district, improvements to freehold estates, and revived trade with western areas. Toowoomba's economy diversified to include numerous small-scale manufacturing firms, while the majority of administrative, service and other government and education functions for the surrounding region were established in the town. Its progress was reflected in improvements to the physical environment, through important capital works projects, including the draining of its swamps, improved water supply, gasworks for lighting, extensive tree plantings and the initial development of Queen's Park. Earlier temporary structures were replaced with more permanent and impressive buildings. Toowoomba experienced an urban land boom throughout the 1870s and 1880s. Newtown, its first working-class suburb, was created in the 1880s, while speculators extended the "shopkeepers" residential areas to the north east of Ruthven, Russell and Margaret Streets, the commercial core of the town. Prosperous Darling Downs landowners, business-owners and professionals established residences in Toowoomba; and from the 1880s, the town acted as a summer resort for those seeking a cooler climate, including Queensland Governors. By the turn of the 20th century, Toowoomba had outstripped the development of every other urban centre on the Darling Downs, with its population in 1901 equalling their combined populations. After the passage of the Local Authorities Act 1902, Toowoomba became the Town of Toowoomba on 31 March 1903, and on 29 October 1904 was proclaimed the City of Toowoomba. The 1910s were a period of commercial and social expansion for the new city. The land on which Harris House stands was purchased from the New South Wales government in 1852 by ex-convict and Bull's Head Inn publican William Horton, as part of an approximately block. Horton became Toowoomba's "first, largest and most eager purchaser of land". In 1868, he sold the block to pastoralist and parliamentarian James Taylor, who was a major Toowoomba land speculator and advocate. Following Taylor's demise in 1892, approximately of this land, bounded by Clifford, Margaret, West, and Hill Streets, was subdivided into 64 allotments each of in 1899. John Hugh Munro purchased subdivisions 1 to 3 of this estate, the site of Harris House, but subsequently sold the land in 1909 to Toowoomba building contractor, Montague Ivory. Earlier that year, Ivory had purchased adjoining allotments 4 and 5, while allotments 6 to 8 had been purchased in his wife's name. Ivory was residing in Toowoomba and working as a building contractor by 1901. Born in 1861, he moved from Sydney to the Warrego region in Queensland . He lived in Charleville from about 1893, where he was a tobacconist and the treasurer of the Charleville Branch of the AWU, until . Ivory's work as a building contractor in Toowoomba and Warwick during the first two decades of the 20th century included regionally important projects. In Toowoomba, he constructed a brick chimney stack at Perkins #amp; Co. Brewery in Margaret St (1901), an additional storey on the Fire Brigade Building in Neil Street (1906), two additional wings for Crawford's Freemason's Hotel on the corner of Neil and Herries Streets (1906); and completed extensive alterations and additions to W Jones #amp; Son's malt house at Black Gully in Toowoomba in 1907. In 1908, Ivory won the tender for additions and alterations to the Toowoomba Post and Telegraph Office. During 1910-11 Ivory resided in Warwick for 12 months, constructing a brick department store for Messrs Barnes #amp; Co, before departing the town in March 1911. In 1923-24, Ivory designed the Queensland Brewery Ltd's new four-storey brewery in Toowoomba after it took over Breheny Brewery. By 1913, Ivory was living in Harris House on the western corner of Clifford and Margaret Streets (1 Clifford Street) and remained there until , when the house was sold. The designer and builder of the house are not known, but considering Ivory's role in the building industry, it is believed he built the house for himself, as well as the adjacent houses at 3 Clifford Street and 256 Margaret Street. In 1919, Ivory reconfigured the allotments that comprised 1 and 3 Clifford Street to create three allotments, including an allotment to the west, which became 256 Margaret Street. 3 Clifford Street was sold in 1920 and the purchaser was listed in the Queensland Post Office Directory as resident in the house in the same year, while 256 Margaret Street was sold in 1924 and its new owner listed as resident in the Queensland Post Office Diectory in 1924. Harris House was designed in an ornate style characteristic of the Federation-era. Federation style is a broad term used to describe the dominant style of Australia's domestic architecture during the late 19th and early 20th century. This eclectic and highly decorative style, influenced by contemporary British and American examples, drew inspiration from a variety of historical styles, but most notably from Tudor or "Old English" rural architecture. Sometimes described as "Queen Anne" style, and more decorative than the concurrent "Arts and Crafts" style, which focussed on honest expression of function and truthful use of materials, Federation style was used most extensively in New South Wales and Victoria. The typical Federation villa residence was a free-standing, single-storeyed bungalow set within a generous garden. It had red face brick walls, with a complex roof form of hips and projecting gables, clad in terracotta Marseilles tiles, and often punctuated by picturesque chimneys. Floor plans were asymmetrical with protruding rooms, bays or towers, and the exteriors were enlivened by a wide variety of window types and shapes, and elaborate verandah detailing. Gable ends were decorated with timber and stucco ornament, and leadlight windows displayed coloured glass in flowing patterns, demonstrating the growing influence of Art Nouveau on decorative details. Regional variations of the style occurred, due to factors such as localised building traditions, the availability of building materials and individual tastes. In Queensland, the style was often applied to traditional timber houses with corrugated iron roofs, influencing their roof forms, timber verandah detailing and other ornamentation. Non-domestic buildings too, at this time, adopted an eclectic "Free Style" of architecture that combined elements and details from classical, Romanesque, Art Nouveau, Queen Anne and Arts and Crafts styles, and utilised visually contrasting materials such as dark brick and light stone or stucco. Harris House was a substantial, red face brick, single storey villa residence with a terracotta Marseilles tile-clad roof featuring multiple gables, three chimneys and a central roof lantern. It was elevated by an earth embankment above street level and its front verandah was accessed by wide staircase that led to a tall, gabled entrance portico. The exterior was highly ornamented with concrete mouldings that contrasted with the red brick walls, including quoins to wall corners, pilasters framing a pair of bay windows, and scrolled brackets to eaves and overhangs. The formal floor plan located principal rooms at the front (east) end of the house, accessed by a wide central passageway lit by the roof lantern, and service rooms at the rear (west). A rear entrance landing and laundry were, at some early stage, built up against the southwest corner of the house. In addition to the lantern, daylight to the centre and south-western parts of the house was maximised by high windows in the south and west walls, and glazed fanlights to all doors. The principal rooms were given high quality finishes and materials in popular contemporary materials and patterns. Surviving original or early features include plaster walls, timber floors and joinery, a variety of Wunderlich pressed metal ceilings and cornices, fireplaces with vibrant glazed tiles and ornate timber mantlepieces, leadlight windows with Art Nouveau-style patterns, and semi-circular arches with plasterwork ornamentation in the central passageway. In 1919, Mary Kelly, wife of medical practitioner, Arthur F Kelly, purchased Harris House. In 1920, Ivory also sold his property at 3 Clifford Street to Charlotte Isabella Rutledge, wife of Frank H Rutledge, Rutledge was listed as resident in this house (Carwoola) in the Queensland Post Office Directory in 1924. Ivory resided at addresses in Margaret Street after sale of 1 Clifford Street. Ivory appears to be living at 256 Mary Street, but by 1923 he was living further west on Margaret Street at the house called "Ias-To-Ne". 256 Mary Street was sold to James Brown, Medical Practitioner in February 1924. The house was known as "Cliffordene" by the time the Kellys sold it in October 1921. The purchaser was John Mitchell Harris, who had recently married for the second time, to Malvena Sears. Harris' first wife died in Feb 1911. Harris married Malvena Sears on 21 May 1920. The 1923 edition of the Queensland Post Office Directory is the first to record the name "Cliffordene" for this house. Harris, born , arrived in Australia from Scotland in the late 1880s. By 1893, he owned a residence in Mary Street, Gympie. He was residing in Winton at the time of his first marriage in 1895. In 1897, he was working as a journalist in Winton, while in 1898 he was the proprietor of the Winton Herald newspaper. Between about October 1901 and 1905, Harris resided in Cairns, working as the manager of the drapery department of Burns Philp #amp; Co, and travelling widely in North Queensland. In April 1906, Harris purchased GP Merry's drapery located in the Alexandra Building on Ruthven Street, Toowoomba. He built the business into one of the largest draperies on the Darling Downs, occupying the northern shop from 1906 until . He was a member of the Queensland Turf Club, Tattersall's Turf Club, and the Toowoomba Turf Club, and also a life member of the Toowoomba Royal Agricultural Society. Harris died on 12 July 1933 at Sandgate, aged about 71 years. He was survived by his widow and daughter, Neva (born 1925). It is unknown if Harris made any major alterations to Harris House during his residence there, but by 1934 a bathroom with shower and indoor toilet had been constructed on the south verandah. The grounds of Harris House were well established by the 1930s and contained a number of features. A pre-1934 sewerage detail plan of the property shows that an earth embankment ran around the north, east and south sides of the house. A wide pathway led straight to the main entrance stairs from Clifford Street, and two smaller, parallel pathways led south from a Margaret Street entrance, past the rear of the house. A fernery was located in the northwest corner of the grounds and a garage and earth closet in the southwest corner. A driveway to the garage ran along the southern boundary. Following Harris' death, the executors of his estate approved additions and alterations to Harris House to create a flat on the north side of the house. Architect William Hodgen drew up the plans in May 1934 and the work commenced on 26 November that year. By 24 January 1935, contractor George Conrad Strohfeldt had completed the changes, for a cost of PS279.10, and the house had been repainted by his brother, Henry Martin Strohfeldt, for PS24.10. The flat occupied the original sitting room and dining room, which were linked by a new sleep-out built on the north verandah. The sleep-out was carefully detailed to preserve the existing verandah structure and balustrade, and featured arched leadlight panels above banks of casement windows. A section of verandah adjacent to the west side of the dining room was demolished, and a timber, skillion-roofed structure built in its place, containing a dining room, kitchenette and bathroom. This addition was clad in timber chamferboards and had V-jointed (VJ) board and flat sheet linings. A door was inserted to link the flat's dining room with the service rooms of the original house, and a second laundry was created by dividing off part of the existing laundry. The flat was tenanted by April 1935, when Mrs Cowan and her daughter, of Stanthorpe, were reported as having rented Mrs J M Harris's flat in Clifford Street. The flat was available for rental again in November 1938 when Mr and Mrs Harold Walsh stayed in the flat "for some weeks" holiday in Toowoomba. Mrs Harris continued to reside at 1 Clifford Street until . She died in 1988. Aerial photographs show that by 1946 the gardens contained a dense grouping of trees and plantings in the northwest corner (in the vicinity of the fernery) and three mature Atlas cedars ("Cedrus atlantica"), along the Margaret Street boundary. For a number of years leading up to 1990, the house was unoccupied and required repairs to cracked internal walls. Its picket fence had been removed and replaced with a metal fence. In March 1991 plans were drawn by Anthony Kibble #amp; Associates Architects to convert the residence into multi-tenancy offices. Alterations and additions included: a new bitumen driveway and carpark in the southwest corner of the grounds; the replacement of the verandah rooms, laundry and landings along the south and west sides of the house with a concrete verandah matching the existing front verandah; installation of toilets and a kitchenette; removal of the 1935 sleepout on the north verandah; relocation of the windows from the sleepout to the rear 1935 rooms; removal of the bathroom and kitchenette in the 1935 rooms; and other repairs and renovations, including painting the exterior. On 15 October 1994, after completion of these alterations, the Honourable Mr Justice John Harris Byrne RFD, grandson of John Mitchell Harris, opened 1 Clifford Street as Harris House. A brass plaque adjacent to the front door commemorates the official opening. The building served as offices in subsequent years. After the death of its owner, Neva Byrne, nee Harris, on 14 August 2014, the house was gifted to the National Trust of Australia (Queensland) (NTAQ). By the end of May 2019, the NTAQ had retiled the roof, painted the building's exterior, and plastered and painted the interior for use as offices and meeting rooms. In 2019, Harris House is no longer a private residence, but retains a high degree of intactness. Its garden includes pathways and remnant mature trees. It is a good example of a substantial early 20th century suburban villa residence from the Federation era, which reflects the wealth and status of the major city of Toowoomba. Description. Harris House is a substantial, single storey villa residence in a Federation-era style. It occupies a prominent site on the corner of Margaret and Clifford streets, located within a mixed residential and commercial area on the western side of the Toowoomba central business district. Facing Clifford Street to the east, the house is elevated above street level and a wide staircase leads to the main entrance. The house is set within established gardens containing mature trees. In 2019 the property is undergoing repairs and renovations. House (, with 1935 and 1994 additions). The single storey house is of red face brick construction with a tiled roof, central roof lantern, and wide verandahs around most of its perimeter. The front (east) elevation is the most ornate, with a tall entrance portico the dominant feature. Rectangular bay windows are symmetrically placed on either side of the main entrance door, which has a glazed surround. The red face brick contrasts with extensive concrete elements and ornamentation. The rooms are arranged in a hierarchy with principal rooms in the front (east) section of the house, and service rooms in the rear (west) section. The front section contains four rooms, an entrance vestibule, a wide central passageway lit by the roof lantern, and a side passage leading to a south entrance door. Rooms on the south side of the central passageway were likely to have been bedrooms. The northeast corner room was likely a sitting or drawing room, with the dining room adjacent. The rear section contains a central passageway that leads to a west entrance door, with the original kitchen and a third bedroom on the south side. Former storage/servants rooms on the north side of the passageway are fitted out as toilets and a kitchenette (1994). A skillion-roofed, timber-clad addition in the northwest corner of the house (1935) contains two interconnected rooms. Grounds and views. Harris House is set back from Clifford and Margaret streets, and surrounded by gardens on the east, north and northwest sides. The gardens contain a number of large, mature trees, open lawns and garden beds. The location of some early pathways has been retained, now formed by modern materials. The house's elevation above street level and corner location make it a prominent feature of the streetscape. Heritage listing. Harris House was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 26 July 2019 having satisfied the following criteria. The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history. Harris House (), a Federation-era villa residence, is important in demonstrating the development of Toowoomba as the principal urban centre of the Darling Downs region in the 20th century. During the late 19th and early 20th century, wealthy members of society in the region established substantial homes in Toowoomba, such as Harris House, reflecting their financial and social position. Through its setting, form, scale, high quality design, materials and aesthetic treatment, Harris House illustrates the lifestyle of Toowoomba's prosperous residents. The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places. Harris House is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a substantial, early-20th century suburban villa residence. A single storey, masonry house in a garden setting, Harris House is a fine and intact example of its type, displaying high quality workmanship and materials, and retaining its formal plan, with entrance portico, hierarchical arrangement of generously sized rooms, and surrounding verandah. Harris House demonstrates the principal characteristics of Federation-era domestic architecture, and is a good and highly intact example of a masonry house in a Federation style in Queensland. Characteristics of this type include: its lowest form; asymmetrical plan with protruding bays and rooms; red face brick construction; complex roof form clad in terracotta tiles; elaborate verandah detailing; leadlight glazing to principal windows; and use of a wide variety of ornamental features derived from historical styles. The high quality interior finishes and fittings demonstrate popular contemporary materials and patterns, including a range of pressed metal ceilings and cornices, glazed tiles, and the use of art nouveau-style motifs for ceilings, mantelpieces and leadlight glazing. The place is important because of its aesthetic significance. Harris House is important for the beautiful attributes of its composition and fine architectural quality. The symmetrical east facade is a well-proportioned composition of formal building elements including bay windows, ornamental gables and a tall projecting portico, which, in combination with the house's elevation above street level and substantial front staircase, creates an impressive entrance sequence. Rooms are formally arranged around a wide central passageway, which is dramatically lit by a roof lantern. Largely intact, the generously sized rooms and spaces retain high quality fittings and finishes, including timber joinery, decorative plasterwork, ornate mantelpieces and pressed metal ceilings. A grand, Federation-era suburban villa residence, Harris House is important for the picturesque qualities of its form, materials, aesthetic treatment and garden setting, including: its asymmetrical plan with complex roof form punctuated by gables, chimneys and a roof lantern; use of contrasting materials and colours, such as red face brick, terracotta tiles and light coloured concrete; its richly detailed ornamentation; and its attractive, generously-sized garden, which enhances views of the house from Clifford and Margaret streets. The house is visually prominent on its elevated corner site and framed by mature trees, including three large Atlas cedar trees, which make a substantial contribution to its Federation-era suburban villa setting. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026033 2021-22 Providence Friars men's basketball team The 2021-22 Providence Friars men's basketball team represents Providence College during the 2021-22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team is led by 11th-year head coach Ed Cooley, and play their home games at Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, Rhode Island as a member of the Big East Conference. Previous season. In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Friars finished the 2020-21 season 13-13, 9-10 in Big East play to finish in sixth place. As the No. 6 seed in the Big East Tournament, they lost to DePaul in the first round. Schedule and results. !colspan=12 style=| Exhibition !colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season !colspan=12 style=| Big East regular season !colspan=9 style="|Big East Tournament Source 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026058 Bubbly (Young Thug, Drake and Travis Scott song) "Bubbly" is a song released by American rapper Young Thug, Canadian rapper Drake, and American rapper Travis Scott. It was released on October 15, 2021, from the former's second studio album, "Punk", as the twelfth track from the album. Background. On October 20, 2021, American rapper Lil Baby posted a video on TikTok, in which he revealed that he was supposed to be on the song and previewed his verse, but claimed that he forgot to send it to Young Thug. Composition and lyrics. On the song, Young Thug, Travis Scott, and Drake go in order verse-to-verse. The former starts off the song, boasting about his expensive clothing and jewelry and about women. Travis Scott then comes in, rapping about the same thing. The beat switches as Drake slows down and finishes off the song by continuing with the theme. Critical reception. Erika Marie from "HotNewHipHop" felt that "this trio makes perfect sense as they are three leading moguls in the Rap industry with their own labels, clothing lines, and partnerships". Sarah Osei of "Highsnobiety" placed "Bubbly" at the top of her 60 Songs of the Week chart, claiming the song proves that Young Thug is a "rockstar" as he "drops delirious bars about the dark and twisted realities of fame". 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026090 Republic of Ireland at the UEFA Nations League The UEFA Nations League is a biennial international football competition contested by the senior men's national teams of the member associations of UEFA, the sport's European governing body. The first season has begun in September 2018 consisting of four groups in each of the four leagues ranked by UEFA coefficient of each country. The Republic of Ireland has been in Division B, since the beginning of this tournament and have yet to win a game in the competition. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026182 Mucronaria Mucronaria is a genus of gastropods belonging to the family Clausiliidae. The species of this genus are found in Central Europe and Western Asia. Species: 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026183 Regonyl Regonyl (developmental code name TX-380), also known as 17a-ethynyl-5a-androst-2-en-17b-ol 17b-acetate, is a steroidal drug described as an antiprogestogen and "antiprolactin" (prolactin inhibitor). It was studied for lactation inhibition in bitches. It has minimal to no androgenic, estrogenic, or progestogenic activity but is said to strongly inhibit the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis at central and peripheral levels and to markedly oppose the action of progesterone. However, the antiprogestogenic effects of regonyl do not appear to be due to direct interaction with the progesterone receptor. The actions of regonyl result in estrus cycle disturbances and impaired ovulation. Regonyl was proposed for use in humans, for instance in the treatment of gynecological disorders like endometriosis and benign breast disease, and in hormonal contraception. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026206 Al Malazz, Riyadh Al-Malazz (), formerly al-Riyadh al-Jadidah ( The New Riyadh), is a subject of Baladiyah al-Malaz and a commercial and residential neighborhood in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Named after Al-Malaz Square, it was built between 1953 and 1957 by King Saud as a housing project for government employees and was the very first modern locality in the city which replaced the traditional Arab architecture with a modern one. The area is also popular for several iconic landmarks, supermarkets, streets and government ministries. History. Prior to its development and during the early days of Saudi Arabia's establishment, the area had several names such as Abu Makhruq, Wattah and al-Khirbat. The area barely had buildings or streets except an equestrian field, known as Al Malaz Square where King Abdulaziz enjoyed horse racing shows and from where the locality adopted the name Al Malaz by the end of his reign, which was later shifted to Jenadriyah Farm in 2002. After the ascension of King Saud bin Abdulaziz to the throne in 1953, he initiated the relocation of government ministries from Jeddah to Riyadh. In order to meet the accommodation needs of the employees, he launched the 'Al-Malaz Housing Project' of almost 750 villas for the same. In 1957, the first campus of Riyadh University was established in the area, followed by Riyadh Zoo. The area saw rapid development expansion during the economic boom of the late 1970s and early 1980s along with the expansion of the neighbourhood, which later included several shopping centres, schools and restaurants. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026216 Jewelry of the Swedish royal family Jewelry of the Swedish Royal Family is the set of ceremonial jewels been owned by members of the Swedish royal family or by the Bernadotte family foundations. The Swedish national regalia, which have a symbolic meaning and are not to be regarded as jewelry, are, on the other hand, owned by the Swedish state. The jewelry is officially worn on occasions such as state visits, the Nobel banquet, annual royal dinners at Stockholm Castle and various weddings. Queen Silvia wore one of the royal jewelry (Princess Sibylla's tiara) for the first time the night before her wedding in 1976. Crown Princess Victoria and Princess Madeleine wore a tiara for the first time in the year they turned 18. In 2015, Sofia Hellqvist wore a tiara for the first time the day when she married Prince Carl Philip. The jewelry is taken care of by court jeweler W.A. Bolin that cleans and repairs them. Until 1974, the royals and court ladies wore tiaras at the opening of the Swedish Parliament. History. Several of the jewelry originates from Napoleon I's first wife Josephine de Beauharnais who was the grandmother of the Swedish queen Josefina of Leuchtenberg. Victoria of Baden has increased the Swedish collection as well as Crown Princess Margaret of Sweden. Karl XIV Johan created a jewelry "fideicommissum" that would be at the Queen's disposal, so that the collection could be increased but never decreased. This meant that the jewelry that once belonged to the collection could not be given away. At the end of the 19th century, Oscar II transformed the jewelry "fideicommissum" into a foundation, which is now part of the Bernadotte family foundations as well as a foundation created by Gustaf V and Queen Victoria. These pieces do not belong to the Swedish royals privately, but the family can borrow them from the foundation to wear them. The jewelry of the Bernadotte Family Foundations was exhibited once in 1976-1977 in connection with the wedding between Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia. Parures. Parure is a term for a set of jewelry with a common shape and decor. It can include tiara, necklace, earrings, two bracelets and brooch. A smaller set consists of fewer parts and can be called demi-parure. The Swedish royal family's jewelry collection contains both historical and modern Parures. Josephine de Beauharnais Cameo Parure. The so-called cameo set consists of a tiara, necklace, earrings, brooch and two bracelets. The set is made of several materials such as gold, pearls, diamonds and large cameos. It was a gift from Emperor Napoleon I to his wife Josephine de Beauharnais around 1805. It was inherited by the Empress Josephine's granddaughter, Josephine of Leuchtenberg, married to Oscar I. When Josephine died in 1876, she in bequeathed the entire cameo set to her only daughter, Princess Eugenie, who inherited the jewelry in 1889 to her nephew Prince Eugene. Princess Sibylla received them as a gift from Prince Eugene at her wedding to Gustaf Adolf in 1932. Sibylla left the jewelry to her only son (Carl XVI Gustaf) and they are today worn by Queen Silvia. The jewelry is not part of the Bernadotte family foundations. Queen Ingrid of Denmark wore the parure at a ball in the 1930s, where she dressed as Josephine of Leuchtenberg. Queen Silvia has made a change to the necklace; she removed one of the four rows of pearls in it. When Queen Silvia wears the cameo set, she usually does not mix it with any other jewelry. Weddings. The tiara was worn by Silvia Sommerlath at her wedding on June 19, 1976. It has also been worn by Princess Birgitta and Princess Desiree at their respective weddings. In 2010, Crown Princess Victoria also wore the Comeo tiara with earrings and one bracelet at her wedding with Daniel Westling. Leuchtenberg Sapphire Parure. Josephine of Leuchtenberg inherited the jewelry from her mother Augusta Amalia, Duchess of Leuchtenberg. The set was probably created by Marie-Etienne Nitot in Paris. The jewelry went to Sofia of Nassau, but it is not documented that she wore the parure. Furthermore, Victoria of Baden became the last to own them privately. After her death in 1930, they were incorporated into the Bernadotte family foundations. The Leuchtenberg sapphire set consists of a tiara, necklace, earrings, brooch and hairpins. The tiara is divided into eleven parts to get a flexible shape. The diadem can be worn in a wide, more open shape on the head or in a circular shape. On a portrait of Josephine of Leuchtenberg there is a version of the tiara with pearls. When the diadem was examined in 2006, it was found that the sapphires can be removed and replaced with pearls. The earrings that today belong to the parure are not original. These disappeared during Victorias time and after her death Louise Mountbatten had new sapphire earrings ordered from two of the four hairpins in the set. The parure was later worn by Louise Mountbatten, Princess Sibylla of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and on one occasion, at the current royal couple's wedding in 1976, Princess Birgitta wore the Leuchtenberg parure. The sapphires today are worn only by Queen Silvia and she does not usually mix with any other jewelry. She wore the tiara at her second child, Prince Carl Philips wedding in 2015. Cut-steel parure. The cut-steel parure is not made of precious stones but of steel and gilded brass. There is an necklace which Queen Silvia has only worn it on two occasions. It is said that Queen Silvia found the jewelry hidden in an old cupboard in the castle. The first document wearing of the diadem is photos of Queen Silvia during the 1979 Austrian state visit. Today it is worn by Crown Princess Victoria but also by Princess Christina and Queen Silvia on occasion. Princess Lilian wore the tiara on one occasion, the Nobel Banquet in 1984. In English, the tiara is called the "Napoleonic Cut-Steel Tiara". At Princess Madeleine's wedding in 2013, Princess Desiree wore the steel tiara. Small cut-steel set. This set consists of a tiara and a haircomb. According to an article in the Royal Magazine the two items are part of the cut-steel parure. The set has been worn by Crown Princess Victoria since October 2012 first worn at the wedding in Luxembourg. The steel diadem was worn for the first time by Princess Sofia in 2016 and Princess Christina in 2017. Amethyst parure. The Amethyst parure is a jewelry set made of amethysts, diamonds and gold. The set includes a tiara that was previously a necklace, two bracelets, earrings and two brooches. The first image of a Swedish royalty wearing the parure is of Louise Mountbatten. Queen Silvia was the first to wear the amethyst necklace as a tiara in the early 1980s. Crown Princess Victoria wore the bracelets as a necklace for the first time at the millennium party at the Royal Palace. She wore the tiara during a state visit to Finland in 2000. Today it is worn by Queen Silvia and Crown Princess Victoria, but in recent years the king's sister Princess Desiree has borrowed the parure at the Crown Princess wedding. Today, the garrison belongs to the Bernadotte family foundations. At the Nobel Banquet, Silvia has only worn the parure on one occasion, 1986. She chose the amethysts to wear for the Danish Crown Prince's wedding in 2004. The parure was worn by Princess Madeleine for the first time at the Nobel Banquet on December 10th, 2012. During the Canadian state visit to Sweden in February 2017, the tiara was worn by Princess Sofia. Russian Pink Topaz Parure. The parure consists of a necklace, brooch and a corsage made of brilliants and pink topazes that came to Sweden with Victoria of Baden. The jewelry has its origins in Russia, the three pieces of jewelry were first thought to have been ordered by Tsar Paul I. But he died in 1801, the jewelry was made about 10 years later. His wife, the widowed Empress Maria Fyodorovna, ordered them for her daughter Maria Pavlovna as a gift when she gave birth to her daughter Augusta in 1811. Augusta in turn received the jewelry as an inheritance or gift in 1829 when she married the future emperor Wilhelm I of Germany. The imperial couple's daughter Louise married Fredrik I of Baden in 1856 and the pink topazes parure then came to Karlsruhe. In 1923, the Queen of Sweden, Victoria, inherited her grandmother's jewelry. Princess Sibylla lacked earrings for the set and had them arranged so that the two outer pendants of the corsage could be unhooked and also worn as earrings. Louise Mountbatten, Princess Desiree and Princess Christina have all worn the parure. Demi-parures. Grand Bernadotte pearl demi-parure. The necklace today consists of 26 nut-sized, gray-toned oriental pearls with a brilliant clasp. Initially, there were 36 beads and three teardrop-shaped beads used as clasps for the necklace. It was Victoria of Baden who had the necklace shortened. Today there are also a pair of pearl drop earrings that match. Queen Silvia wore the necklace and earrings on the Crown Princess' declaration of authority on 14th of July 1995 and at her granddaughter Estelle's baptism at the Stockholm Palace church on 22 May 2012. There are photos of Princess Sibylla wearing the necklace. The Bernadotte Emerald demi-parure. The jewelry was originally a belt of diamonds and emeralds. The large brooch that is today part of the demi-parure is from the beginning a buckle for the belt. Today, the necklace consists of 16 rosettes that were arranged for Princess Sibylla. It is documented that Queen Sofia wore the necklace. Silvia has worn the larger brooch as a buckle during a state visit to Saudi Arabia, but then as a belt buckle for a silk ribbon. Silvia has seldom worn the emeralds at the Nobel banquet, but in 1987 she wore the necklace and the large brooch that held the Seraphim ribbon in place. At the Nobel Banquet in 2012, Crown Princess Victoria wore all parts of the emerald set for the first time. At the state visit from Germany 2021 Queen Silvia wore a pair of emerald earrings. The earrings are from the necklace which has been shortened. Tiaras. Braganca diamond tiara. In Swedish the tiara is called either Kroningsdiademet (The Coronation Diadem), or Brasilianska diademet (The Brazilian Diadem). Once belonged to the Empress Amalie of Brazil and as the only heir, her sister, Josephine of Leuchtenberg, inherited the jewelry in 1873. This tiara of brilliants weighs three kilos. Louise Mountbatten wore this tiara to the solemn opening of the Riksdag during her time as Queen. In the very first official photo, the new queen Silvia wore this tiara and has continued to do so in such photos. There are a few occasions when she wore the Leuchtenberg sapphire garnish on official portraits. Queen Silvia usually wears it during state visits from other monarchs or ceremonial gatherings. On one occasion she wore it abroad, during her state visit to Denmark in 2007. She wore the large tiara at the Crown Princess' wedding in 2010. The Button tiaras. There are two tiaras that are designed in the same way with diamond rosettes, the four-button tiara and the six-button tiara in Swedish called Karl Johan diademet. But the rosettes called buttons are not identical. In addition to these 10 diamond rosettes, there are two that can be used as pendants for necklaces. 4-button tiara. The four-button tiaras rosettes are more reminiscent of a star design. The four diamond rosettes were transformed into a tiara for the Norwegian state visit in 1959; it was worn by Princess Margaretha at the gala dinner. The tiara have used by all Haga princesses. This tiara has never been used by Queen Silvia, but is used by her daughters. Crown Princess Victoria used the Four Button Diadem at the Nobel Banquet for the first time in 1997 and also for the Crown Prince of Denmark's wedding in 2004. Princess Madeleine wore it for the first time during the Nobel Banquet in 2009. It has also been used by Princess Sofia since 2016. Princess Lilian has worn the tiara at a few events. 6-button tiara. The six buttons in the second tiara are designed more like flowers with small leaves. They can be traced to King Karl XIV Johan who had these diamond rosettes attached to Erik XIV's royal crown from 1560 before his coronation in 1818. During King Gustaf V's reign, the royal crown was restored, the diamond rosettes were removed and reworked into a necklace for Crown Princess Margareta. Queen Victoria of Sweden began the work of creating a tiara, but it did not become a reality until the 1970s. The first to wear the tiara was Princess Lilian. The tiara was later used by Queen Silvia on one occasion, today it is used by Princesses Victoria, Madeleine, Christina and Sofia. There are now two rows of diamonds to hide the base of the tiara setting. Crown Princess Victoria wore the 6-button tiara at the Nobel Banquet for the first time in 2007. Princess Christina wore this tiara at Crown Princess Victoria's wedding in 2010. She also wore it at Princess Madeleine's wedding in 2013. Princess Sofia debuted with this tiara during the 80th Birthdays celebrations of King Harald and Queen Sonja of Norway in 2017. Nine-prong tiara. The tiara is called Drottning Sofias diadem (Queen Sofias tiara) in Swedish. The tiara came to Sweden with Sophia of Nassau. It is a diamond tiara used mostly by Queen Silvia. The fan-shaped diadem was originally believed to have been a jewel comb that was remade in the late 19th century. At one point it was worn by Princess Lilian, the Nobel Banquet in 1977. Princess Christina have also worn the tiara. Princess Margaretha wore the tiara at her brother's wedding in 1976. At Crown Princess Victoria's wedding, it was worn by Princess Birgitta. Queen Silvia wore the tiara at The Crown Prince wedding in 2001 and Princess Madeleine's wedding in 2013. Laurel wreath tiara. Laurel wreath tiara called in Swedish Prinsessan Lilians Diadem (Princess Lilian's Tiara) was at the beginning a necklace that Princess Margaret of Great Britain and Ireland received from her husband's grandmother Sophia of Nassau. The jewelry was made by Boucheron in Paris. The material is silver, gold and diamonds. The design is reminiscent of a laurel wreath. Prince Bertil inherited it from his mother Margareta. As early as 1972, Lilian, then Craig, wore this tiara at King Gustaf VI Adolf's official 90th anniversary celebration, and later in 1976 at the king's and Silvia's wedding. Lilian never wore it as a necklace. Princess Lilian bequeathed the tiara to its current owner, Crown Princess Victoria. Crown Princess Victoria wore Princess Lilian's tiara when Princess Madeleine married in 2013.Victoria also wore the tiara at Emperor Naruhito's Enthronement Banquet 2019. Connaught tiara. In English called the Connaught tiara but in Sweden Prinsessan Sibyllas diadem (Princess Sibylla's tiara). The jewelry is made of diamonds and designed as five flower wreaths. In each wreath is a diamond clapper and between each wreath is a diamond rosette with a flower. Princess Sibylla's tiara can be converted into a necklace in the tiara's original shape or you can put the five brilliant clappers in a narrow necklace. The tiara came to Sweden with Princess Margaret of Great Britain and Ireland when she married the Swedish prince Gustaf Adolf in 1905. The tiara was made in 1904 by the British court jeweler Garrard #amp; Co and was a wedding gift from the Crown Princess' parents, the Duke and Queen of Connaught. That it is called Sibylla's diadem is due to the fact that the princess was fond of it and wore it on several occasions. Princess Christina wore the tiara as a bridal crown in 1974. This tiara was the first tiara worn by Queen Silvia the night before the 1976 wedding. Princess Madeleine has worn the tiara as a necklace in the small version with the five brilliant clappers. At her sister's wedding in 2010, she wore it for the first time as a tiara. Likewise, Crown Princess Victoria wore it at the prince's wedding in Denmark in 2008 as a necklace with only the clappers. The queen has worn it as a necklace on one occasion in the 1980s, since then it has only been used as a tiara or in simple form as a necklace. At Princess Madeleine's wedding in 2013, Princess Birgitta wore the Connaught tiara. The clappers used for the simpler necklace can also be worn as earrings, as Princess Madeleine did at Princess Estelle's christening. Crown Princess Victoria wore the tiara at Prince Carl Philips' wedding in 2015. Queen Silvia wore Princess Sibylla's tiara at the Nobel Banquet for the first time in 1977. Baden fringe tiara. The fringe tiara, made of diamonds, came with Victoria of Baden to Sweden. It was a wedding present from her parents, the Grand Ducal couple of Baden. The princess wore the jewelry as a necklace during the wedding ceremony in her hometown Karlsruhe in 1881. She also wore it as a breast jewelry which was then put in a frame to create the tiara. The design of the jewelry can be traced to the fact that during this time people were fond of the Russian folk costume's headdress kokoshnik, in the jewelry context it came to be called fringe tiara. There are such jewels in several other European royal houses. The tiara consists of 47 rays of diamonds where the middle one is highest and they decrease in height towards each side. According to Queen Victoria's will, the tiara is to be worn primarily by the country's Crown Princess. Crown Princess Victoria wore the tiara for the first time during the Norwegian Crown Prince Couple's wedding in 2001. Today it is worn primarily by Crown Princess Victoria, but has previously been shared with Princess Lilian. Queen Silvia and Princess Christina have also worn this tiara. Silvia wore it during her state visit to the Vatican City in 1991. In Swedish, the tiara is called "Straldiademet". At Princess Madeleine's wedding in 2013, Princess Margaretha, Mrs. Ambler wore the Baden fringe tiara. Silvia has never worn this tiara at a Nobel banquet. Princess Lilian wore it at her first Nobel Banquet in 1976. The Radiation Diadem is the diadem that most members of the Swedish royal family have worn. The King Edward VII Ruby Tiara. In Sweden its called Kronprinsessan Margaretas rubindiadem (Crown Princess Margaret's ruby diadem). Gustav VI Adolf married the British princess Margareta in 1905, and the bride received the ruby tiara as a gift from her uncle and aunt, King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra. The tiara, which can also be turned into a necklace, is made of diamonds and rubies. When Crown Princess Margareta passed away in 1920, the diadem was inherited by her son Prince Sigvard. Sigvard pawned the ruby tiara with his father Gustav VI Adolf, who in turn left it in his will to Sigvard's son Michael. Michael later sold the diadem to his cousin King Carl XVI Gustaf. During this time, Marianne Bernadotte, Sigvard's wife, has worn the tiara on several occasions, as a necklace at Princess Desiree's wedding in 1964, as a tiara in 1983 during Queen Elisabeth's state visit to Sweden, and at their ruby wedding in 2001. The first time Queen Silvia wore this tiara was in 1995. the prince's wedding in Denmark. Since then, Queen Silvia has used it on a few occasions in recent years. Queen Silvia's fringe tiara. The tiara is a fringe tiara which Silvia wore for the first time in the mid-1980s. The jewelry is made of diamonds and is privately owned by the royal family. Queen Silvia's fringe tiara can also be worn as a necklace, which the queen and princesses Madeleine and Victoria have done. This tiara is the second tiara worn by Madeleine. The first was the aquamarine diadem. Silvia has never used the tiara at the Nobel Banquet, but Princess Madeleine first wore it at the Nobel Banquet in 2002. Princess Madeleine wore Queen Silvia's ray diadem as a diadem when she married in 2013. Crown Princess Victoria's 18th birthday tiara. When Victoria turned 18 she started to wear tiaras at galas. Not much is known about her first tiara, it is said to be a gift from her parents King and Queen of Sweden a small simple tiara made of metallic structure as a base with small spikes of individual diamonds and sapphires. The last time the Crown Princess wore the tiara was at a castle dinner at Stockholm Palace in 2007. Princess Madeleine's aquamarine tiara. This tiara is often named as Princess Madeleines tiara but she is not the first to wear it. The tiara has originally belonged to Queen Louise and was worn by the Haga princesses Desiree and Christina in the 1960s. The tiara consists of several small diamonds and a large aquamarine stone and is made in art deco style. Princess Madeleine wore it for the first time and it's her first tiara to wear, at the Nobel Banquet in 2000. At the 70th anniversary celebration of King Carl XVI Gustaf, it was worn once again by her aunt Princess Christina. Princess Christina's Tiara. Princess Christina received it on her 18th birthday from her godmother Elsa Cedergren, daughter of Prince Oscar Bernadotte. The tiara is made of small diamonds and oriental pearls and valued at SEK 350,000. On 18 May 2012, the diadem was stolen by a friend of the family who claims that he threw it and the other stolen jewelry from Riksbron in Stockholm. The jewelry has not been found, despite several dives at the bridge. Princess Birgitta's tiara. A tiara consisting of pearls and diamonds, Birgitta wore it at the ball before her wedding in 1961. It was created by the jeweler Carman and was a gift from her grandfather, Gustaf VI Adolf. Today, the tiara is owned by the princess daughter, who wore it as a wedding tiara when she got married 1990 and at the Crown Princess' wedding in 2010. Princess Sibylla's aquamarine tiara. A tiara first used by Princess Sibylla of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Princess Margaretha received the jewelry as a wedding gift in 1964. The tiara is often describes as a kokoshnik inspired jewellery. In recent years, it has been used by Princess Christina. In 2015, Princess Madeleine wore her aunt's tiara at the Nobel Banquet. The Crown Princess wore the tiara for the first time during the Nobel Banquet 2017. Queen Louise tiara. Queen Louise's tiara is an art deco diamond tiara that is today owned by Princess Desiree but was previously worn by Queen Louise when she was crown princess. Louise and later on as the queen of Sweden, all four of her step-granddaughters -- Margaretha, Birgitta, Desiree, and Christina wore the tiara. Princess Sofia's tiara. A tiara made of diamonds and emeralds, a gift to Princess Sofia from King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia for her wedding when she also wore it for the first time. The emerald's can be removed, and Princess Sofia has worn the diadem with no additions such as emeralds. At the Nobel Banquet 2017, pearls were mounted on the diadem that replaced the emeralds. At the Nobel Banquet 2019, the emeralds were instead replaced with turquoises. Necklaces. Josephine of Leuchtenberg diamondcorsage necklace. In the past, it was common with decolletage jewelry, so-called corsage. They are usually much larger than brooches. In the Swedish royal family, there is such an old piece of jewelry consisting of diamonds and with 3 diamond clasps, but they could probably be replaced with the pearl clasps with which Josephine of Leuchtenberg is portrayed with. 2 of the clasps can be removed and used as earrings. The corsage can be attached to a diamond necklace and create a necklace. This old piece of jewelry that Josephine is first portrayed with and then also the queens Lovisa, Sofia, Victoria, Louise. Princess Lilian wore this historic piece of jewelry, but as a necklace. Silvia has also worn it as a necklace on occasions, most recently during the King's dinner for Nobel Laureates at Stockholm Castle in 2009. Crown Princess Victoria wore the necklace for the first time at her sister's wedding on 8 June 2013. The version used today as a necklace lacks two diamond claps, these were used as earrings by, among others, Crown Princess Victoria at her daughter Estelle's baptism. Grand Diamond riviere. The riviere necklace comes from the Grand Duchess Louise of Baden, mother of Queen Victoria. The necklace consists of 36 diamonds set in gold and silver. A clapper has been added which is much older. The clap was previously owned by Princess Sofia Albertina, sister of Gustav III. The princess bequeathed the clap to the new royal family and Queen Josefina. The processional jewel. When Victoria of Baden married in 1881, she had not yet visited Sweden. At the Crown Prince and Crown Princess' arrival in Stockholm, Sweden's new Crown Princess received a gift from her new husband; a necklace made of diamonds, 16 Ceylon sapphires, 6 sapphires and 25 baroque pearls. It has later come to be called The processional jewel in Swedish named Intagningssmycke. The necklace has been worn by several members of the royal family. 13 row pearl and diamond choker. When Victoria of Baden, then the Crown Princess, celebrated her silver wedding in 1906 with her husband Gustav V, she received a 13-row pearl necklace that was modern at that time from her parents-in-law. The necklace is designed to fit snugly around the neck and includes 13 rows of oriental pearls and 5 diamond rods. This type of collar is also usually called a dog collar ("collier de chien"). Princess Christina wore it on occasions when she was Sweden's "first lady" 1972-1974, Silvia has worn it on a few occasions. The latest of the royal ladies to wear the necklace is Princess Madeleine. Scarab Necklace. The necklace was a wedding gift from Gustav V and his wife Victoria of Baden to their future daughter-in-law, Margaret of Connaught. The necklace consists of rubies, sapphires, diamonds and pearls in a kind of "Egyptian style", with scarabs. Princess Margareta and Gustaf VI Adolf met in Cairo. The jewelery was created by the jeweler Koch in Frankfurt am Main in 1905. Prince Bertil inherited the necklace from his mother and it was worn on several occasions by Princess Lilian. The necklace was bequeathed to Queen Silvia from Princess Lilian. Earrings. Karl XIV Johan earrings. The earrings from Karl XIV Johan's jewelery fideicommiss consist of a large drop of brilliant which is surrounded by a smaller wreath of diamonds and another larger one with large diamonds. The first queen to wear these was Queen Lovisa, married to Karl XV. They are still used today by Queen Silvia. Vasa earrings. A pair of brilliant earrings that have the shape of a teardrop-shaped wreath with a pendant shaped like a globe with a brilliant mount. They are among the oldest jewel in the jewelry collection dating back to the end of the 18th century. They probably come from Gustav IV Adolf's wife Fredrika of Baden. When the couple was exiled in 1809, they took with them some jewelry that was then inherited by their eldest son Gustaf and later by his daughter Carola who was married to King Albert of Saxony. When Victoria of Baden married Gustaf in 1881, she received the earrings as a wedding gift from Queen Carola. The earrings can be worn without the pendant, so that the wreath is empty. Today they are worn by Queen Silvia, Crown Princess Victoria and Princess Madeleine. Princess Madeleine wore the Vasa earrings when she got married in 2013. Epaulette Earrings. These earrings were worn by Crown Princess Victoria at the concert before the wedding on June 18, 2010. Epaulet means shoulder jewelry and is part of certain uniforms. The name Epalett (Epaulette earrings) earrings was first published on December 11, 2011 when Victoria wore them for the second time. At King Carl XVI Gustaf's 70th birthday, Princess Madeleine wore the earrings. Brooches. Josephine of Leuchtenberg diamond, ruby and pearl brooch. One of the oldest picture-documented brooches is one worn by Josephine of Leuchtenberg. It is a flower brooch, consisting of diamonds, rubies and pearls. It is used as both a brooch and hair ornament by Crown Princess Victoria and Queen Silvia. Crown Princess Victoria has worn it as an alternative to a classic tiara at Queen Margaret's 70th birthday party in Copenhagen in 2010 and at the King's dinner for the 2010 Nobel Laureates at Stockholm Castle. Diamond Arrow. This diamond arrow broosch has only been worn by Queen Silvia on a few occasions. On June 18, 2010, the night before the wedding between Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel, Crown Princess Victoria wore this brooch as a hair ornament. The oldest pictorial listing of the jewelery is as late as 1953, when it was worn by Princess Sibylla during the Nobel ceremony, but it is probably older than that. Princess Lilians diamond broosch. Lilian's diamond brooch is a small brooch made of diamonds shaped like a flower, which Crown Princess Victoria received as a gift from Princess Lilian. Victoria wore the brooch at the media meeting in connection with her engagement. During the Turkish state visit the day after Princess Lilian died, Victoria wore the brooch at lunch and the gala dinner in the evening. Victoria of Baden coursage broosch. This large round brooch has been worn by Queen Victoria as a corsage piece. It has not been documented since Victoria of Baden. The jewelry was worn for the first time by Queen Silvia during the state visit to Germany in 2016. No other known royal have worn this item. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026242 Stefano Girelli Stefano Girelli (born 9 January 2001) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club U.S. Pergolettese 1932, on loan from U.S. Cremonese. Club career. Formed on Cremonese youth system, Girelli made his first team debut on 31 July 2020 against Pordenone for Serie B. On 28 January 2021, he was loaned to Serie C club Pergolettese for the rest of the season. On 12 July 2021, the loan was extended by one year. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026249 Thalissa Teixeira Thalissa Nuttall-Teixeira (born 1992/1993) is a British-Brazilian actress and filmmaker. She began her career in theatre, earning an Ian Charleson Award nomination, before breaking out in the miniseries "Trigonometry". She was named a 2021 "Screen International" Star of Tomorrow. Early life. Teixeira was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire to an English mother and a Baiano father. She spent her childhood in Vitoria, Espirito Santo before returning to England with her mother at the age of 8 to live in Chalfont St Peter, Buckinghamshire. She joined a local theatre group at the back of a church. She went onto train at the Royal Welsh College of Music #amp; Drama, graduating in 2014. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026259 2021-22 Logan Cup The 2021-22 Logan Cup is the 28th edition of the Logan Cup, a first-class cricket competition in Zimbabwe, which started on 15 October 2021. 23 matches are scheduled to be played, with the tournament concluding on 7 April 2022. The Rocks are the defending champions. Points table. Champions 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=69026288 Xiangxiang Faction Xiangxiang Faction (), or translated as Xiangxiang School, was a prose school in the Qing Dynasty. It is derived from the Tongcheng Faction, and is an offshoot of the latter. The faction is named after its founder, Zeng Guofan, who was a native of Xiangxiang, Hunan Province. In the article entitled "On Tongcheng Faction", Li Xiang (1859-1931) referred to a group of ancient prose writers with Zeng Guofan as their core as the "Xiangxiang Faction". Advocacies. Members of the Xiangxiang Faction advocated strict adherence to the "substance and form" ("yifa") of the Tongcheng School's ancient prose, and maintained the orthodox status of the Tongcheng Faction. On the other hand, they also advocated that the texts should change with the times, emphasizing the need to conform to the ideological trend of Westernization, so that the ancient prose of the Tongcheng Faction could carry the broad content of Seohak. Representatives. The representatives of the Xiangxiang Faction were Zeng Guofan, Zhang Yuzhao, Wu Rulun, Li Shuchang and Xue Fucheng. Among them, Zeng Guofan was the core figure, and the other four were the important members. 
